negative positive
He likes chewing on all the parts especially the head and the ears! It has helped when he has been cranky because of teething. Great purchase!	5.0
My son loves this toy and fits great in the diaper bag. Also very easy to clean, just run right under the water. Seems to help him when he is getting a tooth.	5.0
There really should be a large warning on the box.  Sheesh, in 2011 with so many anaphylactic latex allergies and Latex being an allergy that is caused by repeated exposure why in the world would someone think an all latex teether was a good idea for a baby??  This baby teether could have quite easily killed mommy and there was no warning on the packaging that is made of latex.	1.0
All the moms in my moms' group got Sophie for their babies so I wondered if there was something to the hype and got one too. My daughter LOVES Sophie. Kids really do love this thing. If we, heaven forbid, ever lost Sophie I'd have to run out and buy another one!	5.0
I was a little skeptical on whether Sophie was going to be worth the money, but after it arrived today I am very happy that I bought her.  My is almost 6 months old and is getting his two bottom teeth and he has not put her down all day.  He even carried her in his hands for 20 minutes while I shopped with him in the Bjorn.  Everything about this toy is wonderful.  Even the Squeak is not like some of those annoying squeaker toys out there.  If you are thinking about rather or not to buy Sophie take it from me and buy her you will not be disappointed!	5.0
I have been reading about Sophie and was going back and forth about whether to buy it for my little boy.  He is seven months old and everything goes in his mouth.  One of our friends gave him one last night for an early Christmas present and our baby is already in love with Sophie.  He cannot get enough of chewing on her.  The squeak is making our dog (a Rhodesian Ridgeback) a little jealous, so we're limiting playing with Sophie to only in the Pack and Play.  Sophie was easy for baby to grab and perfect for our late teether.	5.0
My neice loves her sophie and has spent hours drooling, chewing, throwing, squeezing and hitting her. Additionally they love to squeak and squeal back and forth at each other in delight.	5.0
What a friendly face!  And those mesmerizing spots!  She's soft, easy to grab and chew on, and the squeak is sweet.  Be careful when you wash her though, cover up her "squeak hole" so you don't get water inside.	5.0
We got this just for my son to chew on instead of anything he could cram in his mouth. He loved the feel of it I guess. It's rubber but  a strange type of rubber unlike anything I had seen before. I even took a chew on it once just to see what the fuss was about. It was slightly harder than I though it would be but clearly soothing to his little sore gums.It washed up easily but never really seemed to get &#34;dirty&#34; although it likely never even seen any dirt. Today it looks as new as we got it although some of the paint has worn off which is fine because its non toxic.	5.0
This product is without a doubt the best on the market. I have bought so many teethers and this is the only one my son likes. He mainly chews on her legs, but loves to just hold her as well. She works for teething and simply a toy. I would recommend this product to any and everyone, infact I am going to buy a few more and give them as shower gifts. The inexpensive price is a plus :) Just beware if you have a dog, she squeaks so puppies think she belongs to them :)!!!	5.0
I hear my wife talking about &#34;Sophie the Giraffe&#34; and that she wanted one for our daughter. I looked it up on Amazon and was astounded that it was $20.00, but when I gave it to my daughter who proceeded to munch on Sophie's head and feet the price was no big deal. She loves it and my wife loves it bc it is all natural. Great product. You wont regret buying it for your little one.	5.0
I splurged and got this for my teething baby.  At first, he couldn't quite get any piece in his mouth.  He was only about 3 months and a tiny guy.  Now, at 9 months, this goes everywhere with us!  The squeaker took a little getting used to, but it's fine.  An older lady at a restaurant said 'Ugh, look at that poor baby, they are making him play with a dog toy!&#34;  Pssshh, who cares he loves it, and loves to make it squeak!	5.0
	5.0
He liked it, but he didn't go crazy for it as I thought he would. He liked this teether, just like any of the other 10+ I bought him. He liked chewing on it, but he didn't preferred over any other. I liked it more than he did, but the quality and the material is very soft and safe for a baby.	4.0
My 5 month-old baby loves his Sophie. One of his best hobbies is chew the giraffe ears. And neck. And legs...	5.0
My nine month old has had Sophie since she was three months old. Not only has Sophie been a great teether since she is chewy, easy to grab, and has a lot of ends to chew on, my daughter has also found her to be a great comfort when she is in pain from teething or just upset. We squeak Sophie a few times and she never fails to deliver a smile! We never leave the house without her! We've noticed that slowly Sophie's food grade safe coloring is fading or coming off but she is made with 100% safe chemicals so we're not worried. I will be purchasing her as gifts for new moms and my own children in the future!-Adrienne	5.0
my son is now 5 and half months old n i bought him this teether when he was 4 months old ... he didn't like it at first but these days Sophie is his favourite toy... he just like to chew Sophie's legs all the time... It is really very soft for baby's gums... i wil highly recommend this teether...a little bit expensive but its worth it...	4.0
I thought Sophie was an expensive for a baby toy -- but after reading the reviews, I decided to buy her. So glad I did! My 6 month old loves her! Seems to help a lot with his teething.	5.0
The giraffe never left my grandaughter's hands or sight (5 1/2 mos old) once she received this for Christmas.It is eye catching, soft, durable, hopefully, and so soothing to her gums. The squeaker is tolerable as well!I recommend it for a teething, semi soft toy!	5.0
My son loves this giraffe, it's perfect for teething and is entertaining with the squeaky sound that it makes. The ears and horns and hooves are great for a baby to stick in his mouth.	5.0
My child loved this when he was teething and now he just plays with it as a regular toy. Very cute yet the squeaker does get annoying :) it's perfect for a teething baby!!	5.0
My 3 month old was just starting to show interest in grabbing things, so I bought this in advance. She grabbed it and put it to her mouth at first glance!	5.0
The Vulli Sophie giraffe teether is the greatest little toy for an infant!  It is easy to hang on to, the child can chew on the head, legs, neck, etc.It has been loved by all who have received it from me.	5.0
Just as described. Wonderful product. Babies love this! They can bite any area on Sofie and find her stimulating and occupy their time nicely. Item came quickly and efficiently. No issues with seller.	5.0
I can't see how this product can be safe for children. Color coating on mine has been peeling off from the first day I got it. I've shopped from Amazon for many years and usually love the products I purchase; but, this is not just about me not liking it, this is a much bigger problem. It is about the safety of my baby!!!!! I'll not recommend this product to anybody!!!! Please do not buy it......	1.0
we got a lot of use out of it. This was a life saver on our international flight when our daughter was teething. Color has faded over time(have been using for over 4 months now) and it does not really look like new anymore.	4.0
I'll be honest...I bought this toy because all the hip parents seem to have one too and I wanted to be a part of the "hip parent" crowd. The price-tag was somewhat of a deterent but I prevailed and purchased this teether for my daughter.At first, Lily didn't know what to make of of Sophie and showed little interest in the polka-dotted creature. I continued to introduce Lily to Sophie and kept the toy in the carrier so that it was on-hand during transitions. Eventually, Lily discovered what a wonderful experience it was to gnaw on the hooves and ears and these two have never been far apart since.Lily really enjoys gumming all the different parts of Sophie like no other teether we have. The size of the toy is great as it is somewhat substantial and so easy for a little one to grasp and hold onto. Lily really enjoys hearing Sophie squeak and will smile whenever Sophie makes a noise or pops her head up from Mommy's lap to say hello.People have stopped and commented on Sophie and to them I have stated, "It's worth every penny." I can't imagine not having this toy, it has become part and parcel with Lily's daily existence. She is soothed by it, loves to chew on it and seems endlessly entertained by it.Someday, Sophie will have earned her retirement. She will relocate to Lily's keepsake box. But until then, this little French Giraffe will embark on many adventures alongside my daughter as they explore this big world around them.	4.0
I don't have any complaints it seems like a well made toy. abit on the price side but My daughter didn't take to it at all.	4.0
Both my 4 month old and my dog love Sophie the Giraffe. She squeaks like a dog toy which makes things a little confusing for my pup. But my baby is teething now and loves to gnaw on Sophie - her face, her legs - any part he can get in his mouth. I'm not sure what it is about this toy but he loves it so I can't complain!Update: 11/2013Well, Sophie is cute, and absolutely everyone has one. But... in hindsight, I think it was a waste of money. My son gnawed on her for maybe 2 weeks and then moved on. For the price, I could've bought 5 different teething toys instead of just this one.I think at this point Sophie has become a must-have toy because it's so pervasive in the new mommy culture, but really... I'm just not impressed. Several other moms I know have said the same. It's cute and makes a great gift... but it's really not used much for what its intended.	5.0
	5.0
Product is made of good material, it's as described, i just find it a bit more expensive for this particular model	4.0
My son hated all teething toys. As soon as I handed Vulli Sophie over to him he was able to get his small hands around the giraffe and use it as a teether and toy. Definitely a good buy.	5.0
Bought this early.  I bought it because I feel it will be easy to hold and to add a Pacifier strap when shopping.  I feel it will do great.	5.0
I had just finally received this yesterday and I must say that it was totally worth it! My son has been teething for a while and I have been wanting to get this for him since he was born! I finally made the decision and went with it. I am sooooo glad I did, because the smile on his face was worth every penny. He's been gnawing on it non-stop. When it squeaks, he looks at it and smiles, so I guess he likes it. The only thing I am not so keen on was the strong rubber smell at first, but after washing it a few times, the smell wears off. Other than than, Sophie is cute as a button and I'm glad I got her!	4.0
Sophie was a very unique teething toy.  My son loved to chew on her legs and hear her squeak - even our dog was pretty enthralled with her squeak (hehe).  Unfortunately, we brought her out in the town and he dropper her from his stroller and we lost her forever - I need to buy a new one!!	4.0
This squeaky toy is great for teething babies. it's durable, flexible and just plain fun. The paint has come off a bit after continued use, but that's to be expected.	5.0
My 5 month old baby daughter loves her Sophie!!! It's easy for her to hold and put in her mouth. She is starting to get two teeth and this is definitely her preferred teether.	5.0
I was intrigued with the idea of Sophie the Giraffe, her story and the fact that she carries a nearly $20 price tag, so wanting to know what the hype was all about, I purchased her for my 21/2 month old baby boy. As of right now, he has no interest in her. He doesn't find her interesting to look at and is not teething so her main purpose of use hasn't been tested yet. I do not believe I will be able to test her out with my son either as the paint is already peeling off Sophie's head were her horns are. My other complaint is that dirt/dust clings to her. To me, she is nothing but a glorified puppy chew toy (the size of my hand). But at least I know what the hype is all about and now, Sophie and now an on going joke between my girl-friends and I (the $20 puppy chew toy I bought for my baby.)	2.0
This is a must have for any baby.  We have tons of different typs of "teethers" in our house but my son loves Sophie!  Not only does he love to chew on her but the sqeaking sound helps to calm him down.	5.0
It's a squeaky toy. I bought it because my baby really liked the Little People giraffe. I thought this giraffe might be extra special or something. It is an overpriced (way overpriced) squeaky toy. My baby still prefers her other giraffe and throws this one aside. I'm dumb. I paid $17 for a squeaky toy.	1.0
This teether is made of a soft all-natural rubber. It has legs that can be chewed on, a nice long neck, as well as head and ears that are great for teething babies too. It does squeak when squeezed or bitten, which initially scared my son, but when he is in the right mood he loves it! It is lightweight so babies can actually hold it on their own, unlike so many teethers we have. My 5 month-old is having a blast with his new Sophie Giraffe!	5.0
My son loves to chew on his Sophie. He is just starting to teeth  and he uses this as one of his favorite chews. He also is now starting to reconize sophie squeak. When I squeak it he will turn his head and look for it.	5.0
I got Sophie for my almost 5 month old daughter today. She wouldn't put Sophie down! She chewed on Sophie's ears, horns and, especially, hooves. Sophie is the best teether we've ever had! I wish I had gotten Sophie for my first son 5 years ago. Yes, she is pricey, but Sophie is worth every penny when you see the comfort she gives your teething baby. I'm considering buying a second Sophie to keep in the diaper bag.	5.0
I didn't buy this in amazon, but it had to write a review. My baby loves Sophie the Giraffe. Now he can grab toys with his hands and I need to bring Sophie everywhere we go. Expensive but worth it!	5.0
This was one of the first toys that I bought my daughter .  She loved it!  From the beginning it was one of her favorites.  She loved chewing on it when she was teething, and spent many happy moments experimenting with different ways to make it squeak - stepping on it, shaking it, biting it, squeazing it, etc....  It's surprisingly resiliant, and it's so cute!  Not to mention that it's natural rubber and non-toxic so I felt comfortable with her putting it in her mouth.  Now she's almost 2 and she still loves her Sophie.  It's definitely a keeper in case I have any more children - hopefully my daughter will be able to share!	5.0
With only a few days worth of minimal play, I noticed that the spots on the toy were starting to disappear.  I licked my fingertip and gently wiped at the paint.  Sure enough, it came right off!  I don't care if the paint is "natural," I still don't want my baby to ingest it.I tried to write to the company that manufactures the product about this defect, and I never even heard back from them.  They apparently don't care about customer service or the quality of their products.This is a horrible toy- especially considering how expensive it is.	1.0
It feels flimsy and reminds me of a cheap dogs squeak toy by my daughter LOVES it. It's been almost a year and some of the orange has faded, but other than it's still in great condition and gets a lot of attention.	4.0
This is a wonderfully designed product, and has already gotten a lot of use! Because it is made out of natural rubber, there are no worries about harmful plastics. The vendor provides quick, safe shipping. A great purchase.	5.0
I bought Sophie for my baby because I saw the reviews on Amazon and thought it looked cute.  We do love it!  My 3 month old son loves to look at Sophie; there's something about her face that captivates him. He likes the spots, too, but I know he loves her eyes, rosy cheeks, and smile.  The toy is a soft rubber and does have a loud and slightly annoying squeak in my opinion, but it does get the baby's attention.  I don't mean this to be negative, but for comparison's sake, it is similar to a dog toy. I appreciate the safety standards that reassure me it is safe to be a baby teether.  One thing I would caution is to look at the measurements; I did not and was surprised that the toy is kind of small--the picture is a little deceiving.  But it's actually a great size, fits in the diaper bag easily and also a good size for your little one to hold.  Sophie reminds me of a baby toy I had in the 70's (a rubber elephant that my mom says I loved), so I think the idea of this toy is a classic...which is a classic for a reason!	4.0
It isn't quite as big as I had hoped/expected. I also didn't realize that it squeaked. I do think it's a bit over priced & even my dog thinks its a dog toy. :/	4.0
My son adores his Sophie. He is constantly chewing on her. We keep her in our diaper bag and she goes everywhere with us. She was a perfect toy for our son to hold before he was able to grip very well because she is very light. A word of caution: She does squeak like a dog toy!	5.0
I bought several things for my baby to teethe on and she did not like any of them. She wouldn't &#34;chew&#34; on them. Finally when Sophie the Giraffe arrived our prayers were answered! She loves it and chews on it all the time especially the legs. I highly recommend this product.	5.0
Little baby love sucking and chewing on these little Sophie giraffes! I see so many fashionable little babies being strolled around the Rose Bowl with their little Sophies. Pretty cute how popular these teethers are!	5.0
My daughter loves to chew on Sophie.  It is easily gripped by babies and the squeak is such a surprise as they chew on any part of her.	5.0
I bought Sophie for my daughter after hearing rave reviews about her. We were not disappointed. We love Sophie! She's made of soft rubber, she squeaks, and she's the perfect size for little baby hands to hold on to. We actually lost her at the mall and had to order another one ASAP because my daughter loves her so much. She is absolutely worth every penny.	5.0
I got this for a Christmas gift for my eight month old, who is teething and putting everything in his mouth. He loves this toy. It is very soft and makes a squeaky sound if you touch it even the tiniest bit.  I was expecting a hard, bigger rubber toy, but this one is very malleable and is only about 7 or 8 inches tall. Easily washable. Love it!	5.0
Great price compared to other stores! My little girl loves it! Box was a little damaged but didn't matter since I wasn't giving as a gift.	5.0
This is my four month olds favorite toy by far.  It's the only thing she can grasp and keep a hold of without getting frustrated.  My daughter is very active and this is the one toy that she'll sit still and gnaw on for minutes on end.  Definitely worth the money!	5.0
I got 1 Sopie each for both of my grandchildren. My grandson didn't seem interested in Sophie but my granddaughter loves her. They are both teething. I wouldn't have spent the money if I knew he wouldn't enjoy her. But you can't know these things. He may appreciate her some day. :-)	4.0
I have busy four and two year olds and I can handle all their toys, except this one.  My kids love(d) it (especially my four year old who insisted on flinging it side-to-side by its neck for maximum annoyance) but I finally took scissors to that overpriced chew toy.  Problem solved.	1.0
My 5 month old loves this toy! It's easy for her to hold, made of a very soft and durable material, and she'll chew on it for hours througout the day.	5.0
my baby loves it! she loves the squeaking sound and giggles everytime she hits it. recommended item to other mothers.	4.0
this is really a great item for baby, he adores it and it squeaks all over, i would def. recommend this item.	5.0
Came in great condition. My son loves her. Totally worth the money. Wish I would have knew bout her back in the day.	5.0
My 5 month old loves Sophie! We gave it to him for Christmas and she's been one of his favorites every since. A little expensive, but worth it!	5.0
This is adorable, I love the story of it being created decades ago and still remaining exactly the same in virtually every way. My little 3 1/2 month old daughter is totally in love with it, we got her one for xmas,and really, it's the only toy we've seen her get in to so far - pretty cool! I'd say this is a highly recommended baby toy. not only is it ridiculously adorable, the squeak keeps them interested and there's all kinds of neato textures for your tiny one to chew on and explore - yum, this ones worth the pricey tag, it's a total keeper! A++++++++++ all the way!	5.0
It is a dog toy. I gave it to my baby and the second she squeaked it my dog hovered over her. This toy is too dangerous for my baby to have around my dog. Not worth it	1.0
Yes, it's expensive.  But it works and it's cute.  Who cares when my son gnaws on Sophie and stops fussing due to teething pain?!  You can't fully wash it (immerse it in water) because water gets into the body, but you can easily sponge it down with soap, so it's all good.  Love it, but more importantly, my son loves her.	5.0
The product is what I wanted and expected. However, the original box was dusty, almost torn; as though it was a used product. It seemed very odd to me. I paid for a new product and expected to receive the product and box in such conditions.	4.0
My grandson's new Favorite toy!!! I love it, because He loves it!!  All of his little friends in his play group also have a Sophie, I would recommend this little giraffe for any child, teething or not.	5.0
Sophie saved my life countless times during my childrens' teething months. That squeaky, chewy, irresistible toy is just the ticket. My babies would attack Sophie as soon as I pulled her out. And she's really cute too. When a parent finds something that saves their life, they tend to rave about it. I'm ravin'!	5.0
Sophie is pretty much the only teether my son cares for. I have to admit, I was a little skeptical when I ordered Sophie, but she really is worth the money. Knowing that your child is chewing on a toy that is completely safe, justifies the price. When the description said "soft", I was thinking like foam-like but it's a very soft plastic. It's easy to hold on to for my 4 month old. He loves to chew on Sophie's legs. We take her everywhere with us!	5.0
I love this giraffe, I think it is so cute. I thought it was a little expensive at first, but bought it anyway. It is very durable, my daughter used to chew on it when she was teething now she is 17 months and still plays with it on occasion. She can make it squeak now and she likes that.	5.0
I received two of these at my baby shower. I thought they were cute and then I opened one and gave it to my baby. IT SQUEAKS!!!!! It makes a high-pitched, dog-toy squeak that is obnoxious. That being said, the baby loves chewing on it and it is easy for her to hold. But that noise - it is awful. It is loud and draws attention. I will not take it with us to restaurants or even in the car.  It is so bad I have considered &#34;losing&#34; Sophie. I would never give this to another parent.	2.0
Our son refuses to take a paci, but loves to chew on things. We have had a hard time finding anything that keeps him interested for more than a few minutes (that isn't paper) but this Sophie has worked wonders! We first saw this at a friend's baby shower and I originally thought it was a dog's chew toy, but our son loved it so much I had to track one down. As expensive as it is compared to other teethers, for us it was well worth the purchase! The squeaker in side keeps him happy for longer periods of time than other teethers and the long legs and neck give him something to easily grip or chew on. Perfect!	5.0
The Sophie Giraffe has been a favorite of my son since he was 2 1/2 months old and could hold it for short periods of time. He is now 8 months and still loves it. He uses it to chew on when he is teething and uses it to play with when he is not.  It was a great investment.	5.0
I saw online this was the ( IT ) teether. A lot of celebrity kids had it. I had to get it! I gave it to my baby at 4 months, she is 15 months now and still doesn't give a second thought to the thing. It is cute though. But I am out 20$ for nothing.	2.0
Our baby loves this.  Would like to see more products of this quality. The packaging is great and even includes a short story of how the product is made.	5.0
This is a wonderful, smooth, firm, delightful chewing toy -so it's really a shame we can't use it.  The giraffe's legs are so long that my daughter is always gagging herself with them.  Other reviewers describe babies actually choking on the legs, which is scary.  It's otherwise so well thought out, this flaw is bizarre.  It ought to be recalled and corrected.  They DO make another teether -it looks like a little alien- with no long appendages and she loves it, so I would recommend that instead (look for Vulli Teether)	2.0
I got this as a gift. My baby loves chewing on Sophie's ears. I do like it that it's natural and painted with food paint. But I'm not sure I'd pay almost $20 for this. It's a good product but a bit pricy for a teething toy.	5.0
After barely a week with this "amazing" teether - the rubber is peeling! Small bits of the bottom of the feet are breaking off. I couldn't believe it after seeing such great reviews. Pretty scary to see rubber missing from your child's toy - especially after paying $16! I would have expected better quality for the price. Amazon made it an easy return though!	1.0
I received this as a gift two years ago with my first daughter, who loved it.  Now my second daughter has adopted it and loves it even more.  Excellent quality, easy to clean, and both my girls love it!	5.0
I got this Vulli Sophie for my 3 month old and he loves it !!! It is so so cute!!!My 2 year old Loves is too!!!!	5.0
Yes, we have a back up just in case. I know parents that have had to run out in the middle of the night to buy a replacement when theirs was misplaced.  I see these with almost every baby when we are out and for good reason.  Sophie is durable, great to chew on, and pleasant to see and squeak.  Boy or girl, Sophie is a winner and a great gift.  I gave one to our niece and seems to be the gift to give when we have a new addition. You will know this toy is worth every penny when it entertains and serves as a teether.	5.0
I bought Sophie for my 4 month old granddaughter who is showing signs of teething. Dispite her limited ability to grasp toys, Sophie's design fits easily into her tiny hands and quickly has become our families go to toy to comfort her in her fussiness. A commonly heard phrase in our home is &#34;Where's Sophie?&#34;	5.0
I ordered the two pack for two different grandbabies who will be born soon.  Each giraffe came in its own box which was helpful since they were separate gifts.  It is amazing how popular this toy is with teething babies.  Those soft legs must feel just right on those tiny gums.	5.0
	4.0
You can't go wrong with Sophie. I've never met a baby who didn't like this toy. Product arrived on time and as described.	5.0
Our son really likes Sopie...the problem is that with every smile he has from her squeaker, so too are our dogs summoned to Sophie...at which point they try to be sneaky and steal her.  I know that there will be one morning that I forget to put her out of reach and they'll swiftly tear her apart.  But this is the price we pay for having 4-legged and 2-legged children.  My son enjoys this toy for the squeaker and due to the ease at which he can hold it.  His small mouth (4 months old) has some difficulty chewing on her.  He chews her ears, but I think he wishes they were a little bigger so he could get them further back (if they made a bunny rabbit it would be perfect for him).  I considered getting the smaller Sophie teether, but I figured that he could grow into this one.  Overall, it's a good purchase and I know our son will be searching out Sophie among his other toys.	5.0
I was so looking forward to getting this for my little girl, but from the second I opened the box I was disappointed.  It didn't smell like vanilla rubber; it smelled like latex.  I don't get HOW it can be called a teether.  It is a squeak toy.  Period.  It is completely hollow and has an obnoxious squeak when you barely even touch it.  It is so flexible that I don't see how a- it can be safe (which reading some of the other negative reviews I now see that it probably isn't safe) or b- can be effective.  This thing gives at the slightest touch, so how can it possibly aid in cutting teeth or massaging the gums?Additionally, you cannot sterilize this toy.  So... let's see.  My baby got thrush when she was only 2 weeks old and I had to sterilize everything that came in contact with her mouth.  What would I have done with this then?  And she just got over her first cold, so again everything was sterilized.  You need to sterilize things with a baby- you just do.  How can this be a toy that you can't sterilize?!?I will be going to Barnes and Noble tomorrow to compare and see if this is the same as what they have there, but either way I'm sorely disappointed in this purchase.  I've bought dog toys that would have made better teethers.  Heck, I have a baby Garanimals water toy giraffe that would be a safer and more effective teether.  **I have two other toys by Vulli and they DO HAVE the natural rubber smell.  This is going back to Amazon.**	1.0
I'm not sure why Sophie is such a hit with the little ones, but my 7 month old baby girl is one of her adoring fans.  The rubber is softer and more pleasant to handle, and my daughter has enjoyed chewing on her legs and the nubs on her head even before she started teething.  She also loves the squeak that Sophie makes when you squeeze her.  Not sure what it is but if Sophie is amongst a pile of her other toys, my daughter will more often than not reach for Sophie.  And I have the peace of mind of knowing that only edible and safe paints and materials have been used to make Sophie, as opposed to Bright Starts and other baby toys made in China.  Now that the research is out on phthalates and other toxic substances in baby toys, I think it's more important than ever to find good quality toys that are also safe for our babies to handle and put in their mouths.  Sophie is a must-have for every new mom in my opinion.  Even if your kid is one of the few that can take or leave her, it's worth a try.  Vulli, the makers of Sophie, also make natural rubber teething rings that my daughter loves as well.	4.0
I got this for my baby shower before our little guy was born, he has loved it since he was about 2 months old. When he was very little he loved to hear the squeak that Sophie makes and he liked to watch her dance (we were making her dance). When he started teething at 4 months (and continuing to now when he is a year) this has worked so much better for him than teething rings. He shoves one of her foot/legs into whatever corner of his mouth is hurting and starts chomping. The rings only work for the front of babies mouths, Sophie can fit in all corners!! Sophie is a bit more expensive than most teethers but she has a lot going for her. She is made of all natural rubber, from France (no risk of China getting lead into this lady!), super sturdy, and still entertains my one year old! The price here on Amazon is also better than you can find practically anywhere.	5.0
My baby girl started to teethe early, but I didn't want to spend $20 on what looked like a dog squeaky toy.  I have read the reviews, and have other mommy friends that swore by this toy. Finally when she was 4 months old, I broke down and ordered it from Amazon when it was on sale for $18.I cannot believe how much my baby adores this thing. At 11 months old, she is working on tooth #8...and STILL loves to play with Sophie. It doesn't hurt that my baby LOVES giraffes...but I believe this toy soothes in ways I cannot even imagine. It is made of very soft rubber and it does squeak. She loves to chew on the feet and her nose. After a while the paint does start to wear off, but I doubt its harmful.If you are debating on whether or not to get this for your baby, then you should. I know it seems crazy, but it works!	5.0
This little Sophie has so many angles to it and is so soft and managable by the littlest baby.  One of the first things they coordinate.  It also is a soft teething toy and very durable.  I highly recommend Sophie as a gift or accessory to the main gift.	5.0
My 5mo daughter is completely in love with Sophie the Giraffe and so am I.  My daughter's been playing with Sophie since she was about 2 months old.  Her face lights up and she reaches for Sophie when we show it to her.  She loves to chew on Sophie's ears, nose and legs and she gets excited when she makes her squeak.  I love Sophie because she's made from natural rubber and I don't have to worry that my daughter's chewing and sucking on something that may be slowly poisoning her.  Sophie's a great gift for a new baby!	5.0
I almost gagged when my wife showed me the price but my little guy loves it.  The texture on it is great and it has proven very durable.  The squeaker in it has suffered all kinds of abuses and it is still going strong.  Hands down the best teether we have used.	5.0
We have found Sophie to be a much better teether once my son got older and started working on back teeth. He wasn't interested much when he was little but now that he's two it's great when those back teeth are bugging him.  Gives him something to provide a little relief other than gnawing holes in a binky.	4.0
I was very pleased with our Sophie the Giraffe. It is easy for baby to hold and chew on. The only bad thing about it is that it smells really bad when you get it out of the box.	4.0
I bought Vulli Sophie the Giraffe Teether for my niece Winny.  It is now her favorite toy.  She carries this giraffe with here everywhere.  I really score big points buying this for her.	5.0
Great toy... easy washes... The only problem I've had is my son chokes on the legs all the time... maybe he should stop trying to eat the toy... I wish more of this brand was sold locally...	5.0
My daughter loves this product but the long legs can be a choking hazard. Please be careful because my daughter loves to chew on this toy.	5.0
I thought for sure that his teether was all hype but low and behold- my little guy LOVES it! It is by far his favorite thing to chew on. I definitely recommend it!	5.0
A great teething product. The sweetest face and the feel good to the gums feeling it gives babies is exceptional.	5.0
I had read great reviews on the Sophie so I decided to get one for my six month old son.  He loves it!  He was just starting to get his teeth when we purchased it and while he was resistant to chewing on other teethers, he went straight for the ears and legs when we gave him the Sophie.  He likes the sounds it makes too.  Even though this item is a bit over-priced, I would highly recommend it!	5.0
was a big hit with the teething two year old i have it to.  became his constant companion and his mother loved that it soothed him through teething.	5.0
After reading many reviews on Amazon I decided to buy this for my daughter. She is 6 months now and loves Sophie. Sophie is so flexible for baby's little mouth. She enjoys it. I agree with others that you dont have to buy any other teether once you buy this. It also makes sound when you press her and that amuses my baby so much. Mommy & baby love this product.	5.0
Sophie is the teething choice in our family. A real winner with all the grandchildren. Great toy even for just play time.	5.0
Let me just start off by addressing the choking "issue" I keep reading about. Please don't leave your child unattended with this toy (or most toys), and you won't have to worry about choking.  I'm pretty sure the instructions probably say that, but in this case it's especially important- I can see how the back legs could get wedged-but the long legs are why baby loves it so much!Moving on, hubby was WAY skeptical about putting this on our registry (and then buying it when no one purchased it for us).  He said "that had better be one magical toy".  And now he admits that it is, and that it was worth the money.Our little guy adores his Sophie, and it was one of the first toys he could hold onto and chew on, starting when his chewing obsession began around 2 months.  Now, at almost 9 months, he's still chewing away, and also adores playing "Peekaboo" with Sophie, when she squeaks just out of sight, and then appears.My only (very minor) complaints are that 1) it can be a bit of a dirt attracter because of the material (as are the other silicone-type teethers- not just specific to Sophie).  2) If you have a dog, they may think the toy is theirs.  We can't send Sophie along to the babysitter's house because her dog goes nuts.Overall, a MUST HAVE baby item.  No question.	5.0
Great product the baby smiled right away when she saw it. She started to chew on it right away and love the squeak noise it makes.	5.0
I loved reading the story that comes with Sophie, about how this toy is made just as it was in 1956, in the same process from the same all natural materials (tree sap or natural rubber).  I have tried dozens of teether toys with both my daughters, my 5 month old loves chewing on sophie's feet or head. She smiles when I squeak her. if I give her one of the wooden teething toys she cries (too hard and big/heavy) and if I give her the plastic rings, she also cries (again I think too hard). Sophie is amazingly soft and seems very durable. I have not seen any fading of the colors at all. Wonderful toy, worth the price.	5.0
Well I never used it because I haven't teethed in quite some time. I sent it to my niece who I only see a couple times a year.  I think it either got lost in the million other toys or became a dog toy.  It was pretty cute though.  I hope she liked it. What do I care? She's a baby.  She's not going to remember little Sophie.  But perhaps it made her feel better and now she won't go into the rest of her childhood with this nagging unhappiness hangover from infancy.  Who knows?  Like the title says, nice giraffe.  Maybe I will get myself one.	5.0
I wasn't sure about the cost of this teether, but it's well worth it. Easy for my 5 month old to hold onto, squeaks but not too annoying.	5.0
My Mom-in-Law bought Sophie for my son when he was just starting to really chew on things (and we were hearing some pretty scary things about toys not made in the USA). She did some research and came across Sophie and we are so glad that she did! While Sophie doesn't come from the USA, we love the fact that she is 100% safe and natural, and my son loves to play with her. I also love how soft Sophie is, my son tends to swing his toys around and when he's sitting on my lap I'm usually in danger of being hit in the face with whatever he's holding, needless to say a soft toy is even better in my book! There's one last thing I want to comment on, I've read reviews that said that Sophie was a "glorified dog toy" or something to that effect, and I don't want to seem rude, but I think they're crazy! Yes Sophie does squeak, (which my son didn't care about much at first but now he loves) but that's about as far as the comparison could go! If you want a quality teething toy for your child then look no further! Sophie is adorable, soft, perfect for little hands, 100% natural, and SAFE!!!!!!! Definitely worth every penny!!	5.0
This is a great teething toy, he loves it and loves the squeaking, this is easy to grasp and handle. Could not be more happier with the purchase of this item	5.0
I have given this as a gift several times and all the moms come back to me and rave about how awesome this teether is and that their child loved it! It does seem slightly pricey for what is really a plastic chew toy, but if it soothes your child it's worth it!	5.0
I was very skeptical and read all the 'horror' stories of Sophie being unsafe, but my daughter was having a hard time teething, so I bought it.  My daughter loves Sophie, I have no idea what it is, but she just gets the biggest smile when I pull her out.  Like others have said - I just use common sense with it, any toy can potentially be dangerous, I watch her with it and don't let her have it in the car where I cannot see what's going on.  But she has never even come close to choking or having any sort of danger with this teether.  It has definitely helped with her teething and I'd recommend it to anyone.	5.0
At first my little guy wasn't sure about this thing and I was thinking I had wasted my money on what seemed like a dog sqeek toy... but once he figured out how to hold and chew on it,  he now  loves it! We're in the early stages of teething so it goes where ever he goes!I have even gone as far as to put a pacifer clip around it's leg so that it doesn't get thrown on the floor in the car. I think this is the best teether out there, a must have for a teething kiddo.	5.0
I think this teether has "baby nip" in it! My baby loves this teether, and this keeps her occupied in the car too! Great product, must for a baby shower gift!!!	5.0
AND IT IS!  Sofie is soft, gnawable, and her belly sqeaks.  My 4.5 month old son likes to gnaw her hooves, try to tear her legs apart, and gun her ears.  Sofie and a wubbanub (and Peppa Pig TV) make our lives so much easier.	5.0
Yes, it's imported. Yes, it's expensive. And yes, I love it and so does my baby girl! This giraffe is made of natural rubber. It is so easy for my five month old to hold onto and to chew. She especially loves the legs, though she recently found the head and has begun to chew on Sophie's ears, horns and mouth. Sophie also makes a squeaky noise. My girl can chew on Sophie for a long time and she doesn't get frustrated because it is so easy to stick Sophie into her mouth. So far, this has been her favorite toy to chew on.  I've read some reviews where people say their children didn't like Sophie.  I think it's inevitable that some kids won't like Sophie.  But personally, I think it's worth a try.  If your baby likes Sophie, she will be a great toy.  If not, hey, give Sophie away to another mom to try with her baby.  Also, I think trying a toy over and over again may help.  My little girl didn't quite get Sophie right away at four months, but I kept putting Sophie in front of her and encouraging her by sticking one of Sophie's legs in her mouth.  It took her a couple days, but once she understood she could chew away easily on Sophie, she loved her!	5.0
My son absolutely loves this toy.  He is able to chew on it for hours and loves that it squeaks when he bites it just right or hits it.  It is soft and pliable but sturdy enough that it won't rip or wear out.  He loves the many different angles of the toy because he can get the legs far back in his mouth or he can run his gums along the bumpy spine.  This is an absolute must have for any baby who is teething.  I never leave home without it.	5.0
My little guy loves Vulli, it's one of the only toys he can squeak, (much to the dismay of my dog).  He just started really getting a grip on his toys and Vulli seems very easy for him to handle, bring to his mouth, squeak, etc.	5.0
My daughter was given this toy as a gift for her baby from her sister.  Her baby has loved  this toy from the moment he learned to use his hands. When we lost it we immediately had to purchase another one. It is great for teething babies that are learning how to put things in their mouths. The only bad thing is the squeak sounds a lot like a dog toy - so if you have dogs that like squeaky toys they may mistake this for one of their toys!	5.0
My daughter loves this toy so much. She will drag it around the house everywhere she goes! She has so much fun playing with it.	5.0
My baby absolutely loves sophie! Even my three year old loves playing with her. I need to order another one.	5.0
The Teething Giraffe worked great for my 7 month old son. Yes it is expensive for a teether, but he loves it still and I do think it has helped him trhough this rough phase of his baby life!!	5.0
Its the perfect size for small baby hands.  Its soft and light and easy for little ones to play with.	5.0
Sophie the Giraffe is the best teether!  My son loves it and now I buy one for all my pregnant friends as shower gifts!  Great!!!!	5.0
This is a glorified dog toy, it feels like one, it squeaks like one, I thought it was something special from all of the good reviews but it is not. You can buy 3x the amount of good teethers for the price. Honestly people were asking why my son had a dog toy.	1.0
My daughter is 5 months and loves her Sophie.  The shape and size are perfect for her to grab and chew on.  She loves that Sophie squeeks.  The only issue we have had is that the dog thinks it is her toy!	5.0
I got Sophie for my baby girl when she was 3 months old. She absolutely loves her. Chews everywhere: head, nose, ears, legs. Satisfies her desire to chew & suck. She can independently hold this toy w/o difficulty. It is definitely her favorite toy!!	5.0
We've only had Sophie a couple of weeks and my son loves her.  Unfortunately, she's losing her voice -- way too soon for the investment!!!	1.0
My daughter loves her Sophie, we don't go any where with out it. Got it when she was 3 months and now that she is 6 she loves it even more. Will definitely recommend it. Worth the money.	5.0
I have this for my son.I bought for my friend 's baby.I  highly recommended.But I don't know how to see real one or not.I hope this is real one.	5.0
I had one of these when I was a child, and bought one for my son.  He LOVES it!!  The first moment out of the package he was reaching for it.  Now he chews on it all the time.  The giraffe is made of soft plyable rubber that bends easy but doesn't tear/rip.  It is perfect for little hands to grab onto.  It wipes clean with a wet cloth or baby wipe.  The coloring doesn't rub off.  It is a great toy!	5.0
I have purchased several of these teethers for many baby showers.  It is always well received and liked by the new baby.	4.0
Ever since my daughter received this is as a baby and loved it, I always get this for every one of my friends who has a new baby.  It is adorable, and very easy to squeak...making it a joy for little babies to play with.  Amazon has the best price by far. This product has become very popular in stores and often sells for over $20! Thank you Amazon for always providing what I'm looking for at a great price!	5.0
We were given this toy for our daughter when she was about three months old.  She loved Sophie instantly and even at 17 months she still plays with it.  The legs are very soft, but still firm enough to help with a little one teething.  Though Sophie has seen many hours of chewing she shows no signs of wearing out or coming apart.  The only thing we have noticed is that the spots and hoof coloring did start to fade with chewing.  All in all we loved getting this as it was something we would not have likely purchased on our own but have since gotten it for others for shower gifts.	5.0
I received this as a baby shower gift and I wasn't thinking of reviewing it one way or another but it's listed as #1 in Baby and that surprises me, especially after reading all these reviews with people having their babies choke on the legs.  Thankfully that hasn't happened with my daughter yet, but I'm not going to take a chance.  She seems bored by Sophie anyway (she's almost 5 months old) and if it's possible she could choke on Sophie I'm going to throw it away.  Save your money, not worth it.	2.0
My daughter is four months old and is starting to teeth. I am one the buys off reviews and this toy has high ratings, so for the price I thought why not.  When we fisrt received it I was all excited. We washed it and started to play with her with it.  She won't have anything to do with it. I even tried to get her to "chew" on the legs, but to no avail.  I've noticed from day one it has a yucky rubbery smell to it. Washed several times and can't get the smell to go away. The squeaker sounds just like a dog toy, my puppy goes nuts when we accidently hit it.I will state the neck is perfect for her little hands to grab, and it goes with us in her toy bag every where we go... maybe someday she'll like it.Editing my review... My daughter is now 6 1/2 months old and sophie has become her one of her favorite toys.... it still smells several washes later and my dog still goes nuts, but my baby loves it.	4.0
This was the one toy our son just had to have all the time. It was excellent for teething. We buy this for every friend who has a baby, truly the best teether we could find and it's totally safe too.	5.0
After getting this for my baby and after she sucked a good amount of the paint off I read that amazon's Sophie's were fake.  I scoured the Internet looking for ways to distinguish the real Sophie's from the fakes.  I found that this Sophie had the right markings, no obvious mistakes and came with one of the right lot or batch number so I chalked up the running eye paint to it being natural.  But then I saw Sophie's in a local Children's retail store and I realized mine was fake after all!  The real Sophie's eyes do not smear when rubbed or sucked on.  The real Sophie was slightly more slender and toned looking.  She was more flexible, you can easily fold her over and squeeze her cheeks in making her squeak with very little pressure. Just tapping her on the body while she is laying down makes her squeak, whereas the fake Sophie is slightly stiffer so you have to deliberately squeeze her to make her squeak. Do not take the chance with these, find a local retailer through their OFFICIAL site, not a fake Sophie website and order through them!  www.vulli-toys.com is the site on the box.  Hope this helps!	1.0
I purchased this for my 4 month old becasue he is teething, he loves it and will chomp on it all day! The squeeking one that I got him will make him laugh to as she is chewing it :)	5.0
I bought this for my son when he was 5 months old.  He LOVES it!!!!  He will spit out his pacifier to chew on Sophie.  I love knowing that it's natural and non-toxic, and I have been raving about it to anyone who will listen!  I'll be giving this as a baby gift for anyone who is expecting!!	5.0
This teether is a perfect size and weight for a baby's little hands.  It's soft and very flexible.  Because no part of it is very big in diameter, it's easy for my baby to grasp and hold on to without dropping it.  The little squeak it makes is a cute addition.	5.0
I thought my three month old daughter was too young for something like this.  I was wrong.  She loves it.	5.0
My baby loved Sophie but after reading on Vulli website certain batches have been recalled in June 2013 due to high levels of toxicity by the German manufacturer, I would not give this to your child.  Not worth taking a chance since baby puts this in mouth...	1.0
Our daughter received this cute little toy as a gift, and we have really been enjoying it - until we realized that the paint has been coming off! I am really sad to say that even though she loves it, it has to go. I have been reading the reviews looking to see if anyone else has had this problem and also learned about the choking issues.  I am very upset about this.	1.0
We pulled it out of the package and  washed it off, and my 6 month old reached for it and started chewing!  This has been a great toy/teether for her and I am pleased with the product.  It is very easy for her to hold.  I gave it 4 stars because I do think it is quite expensive for a teething toy, but the product itself is great.	4.0
Soft, easy to grab for my 11 m old. He's disabled, so it was nice to find a toy that he could hang onto more easily than others. Soothes his teething gums also. It's one of his favorite toys, if not his favorite.Only problem I have is that the ears look a bit worn, as if someone bought, used and returned it.P.S. DON'T RINSE UNDER WATER. It will stop squeaking. Thankfully After wacking it several times, I got the microscopic amount of water dislodged. It squeaks just fine again. Read instruction manual.	5.0
I had never heard of Sophie before I had a child.  Apprently the toy has been around for almost 50 years.  My 4 month old loves her.  I hesitated to spend so much on an infant toy(over $20 including shipping).  However this is really the only toy she plays with right now.  I don't have a dog, but if you have one, the dog might mistake it for its own toy.  To a human though, you can really tell that Sophie is high quality.	5.0
	5.0
Wife had to have this for our grandson.  He loves it, and used if for his first tooth. I'm sure it won't be the last thing we buy him	4.0
When we got home from playschool today, we had a package waiting by the door. It was Sophie!! My daughter is 9 weeks old and until today she had no toys! I opened the box and held Sophie in front of my baby. She stared intently at the cute little toy and her hands started to open and close.I put Sophie where baby could reach and she grabbed hold of her! Perfect size for a baby toy and so soft! I can imagine it will be great when baby gets to teething too. I can see how some call it a glorified dog toy, but it is not made of the same stinky rubber as a dog toy and the paint on Sophie is food grade. I think the price is a little high but we believe in only buying the kids a few well made quality toys rather than a bunch of cheap plastic junk.	5.0
Our son is teething and has been for about a month.  He just doesn't like this toy.  Even if he did like it, I'd still feel like a sucker.  Overpriced!	2.0
All my grandbabies love this toy. It smells good, and apparently tasts great, because they love to chew on it.	5.0
Easy to wash and babies easily grabs it with their little fingers. Natural food based coloring and ruber. No smell	5.0
A favorite among parents for a reason- my baby is enjoying it at 5 months old and will like it even better when she is coordinated enough to chew the areas she'd like to!	4.0
I seriously wonder why my 3 month old is obsessed with this silly thing?!  It is seriously a dog toy!  She got 5 as gifts!!  But hey, she really likes it, so 5 stars it is!	5.0
My wife and I got this for our grandson and it worked like a charm during teething.  He seemed to like it as a little toy friend, as well.	5.0
Definitely worth the money and stands up to all the hype. I still feel it is a little over priced for what it is, but my baby loves it and it was withstood A TON of chews : ) I like that it's made of natural products and is easy to clean, my baby loves how it feels on her sore gums. Would have given a 5 star review if it was a few dollars cheaper.	4.0
I know I am late in reviewing this product...like 3 years late. I bought this before you could get it in in stores. Now you see her everywhere. I still have this thing in my daughters room, and she is 3. She loved this thing so much that I can't get myself to get rid of her. Everyone laughed at me, saying that I was giving my child a dog toy to chew on, if they had a teething baby then they would understand! Like I said, both me and my daughter loved Sophia	5.0
First of all, Sophie arrived in plenty of time for Christmas&#8230;the delight for the family is when my 4 month old grandson loved it too.  Sophie is everything  that was pictured; I am very happy with my purchase.	5.0
I won't know for a while if my new Granddaughter to be will like this teether; but it's cute!  I think any baby would love it.  Not to mention my Grand-dogs....they think they will get it if they beg long enough....not a chance!!  NOT at the price I paid for it! LOL	5.0
Pros: Our little one loves this thing. Everytime we squeak it she lights up.Cons: It gets really slobbery.Pro again: Sophie dries real quick.	5.0
We got one of these non-assuming looking little giraffe teethers a few months ago as a gift for my 8 month old son and let me tell you - he loves chewing on it. It has a great build quality to it with thick areas in the head and feet, and a squeaky in its center area. When my son is grumpy and trying to take a nap, this is his go to toy for chewing. It looks like a simply doggy toy - but it is much better built quality than that. Really, though it isn't cheap, you are getting what you pay for. This is a teether your child will lock onto and you won't have to worry about it breaking apart and hurting him. I recommend it.	5.0
My granddaughter loved hers and got great teething pain relief from it.  Bought this one as a shower gift for a friend.	5.0
we are having a baby in December, so baby has not had a chance to try it out yet. but our friends who have this teether all agree that it is a wonderful invention!  can't wait to try it!	4.0
I wish I knew about this item months ago.  My 1 year old grandson loves giraffes and has been teething for months.  Sophie is a perfect size and perfect material.  The squeeker is a bonus.	5.0
"Sophie the Giraffe" has tested positive for potentially cancer causing nitrosamines. Nitrosamines are known carcinogens that are illegal in baby bottles and pacifiers in Europe.  In France this has caused a big debate about both journalism and marketing of non-toxic toys. Sophie is marketed as being one of the safest toys out there.  If she has nitrosamines in her, that doesn't seem quite right.Vulli, the company that has made Sophie the Giraffe for fifty years, quickly released a statement saying their toy was safe. The report was covered by another very reputable French newspaper Le Figaro.So who is telling the truth?  I'm not sure. But here's the thing, I don't want to take chances with my daughter's health.  I know that many plastics and chemicals are potentially dangerous to young children, and I also understand that there are safer alternatives for companies to use.  It is my understanding that even though nitrosamines occur naturally they are still dangerous for babies to ingest.	1.0
I got a Sophie in the mail from a secret santa.  All my daughter's other teething toys are so hard she manages to hurt herself on them and the fabric one become quickly soaked with saliva... this is where Sophie rules the school!Her soft rubber is the perfect texture for my little girl, her limbs, neck and head all provide comfortable grips for her tiny hands, and she is solid enough to take a real beating in my little girl's mouth.A SUPERIOR baby product and one of my favorites as a mom so far.  BUY THIS PRODUCT!	5.0
Kids apparently love this little giraffe. It's cute and seems to work well for teething (from what I've heard from moms). I still usually recommend frozen 'stuff' to my patients, because from what feedback I have received, cold stuff feels really good on the sore gum tissue around erupting teeth.  However, for those outings/trips when having frozen items is not an option, this seems like a good alternative. I'll probably buy one for my kiddo when the time comes.	5.0
Absolutely wonderful product! The baby loves it so we love it! Sophie is the best investment we have made so far!	5.0
Great product.... one minute there noise the next silence. This is a magical thing. It keeps my daughters attention and allows me to have a moment of silence.	4.0
This giraffe is adorable, soft, and easy for little hands to grasp.  It is light weight and good for biting.  It has a squeak sound that is not annoying and the baby has to play with it for a while to figure out how to get it to squeak.  All the materials used are non-toxic.  I love this and wish I had had one for each of my kiddos.	5.0
This is not just cute but my 4 month old smiles every time it squeeks. He started to grab things better now and love this one and of course the first thing is to get it in his mouth. Love the giraffe neck because it give him the ability to hold it. Very nice product!	5.0
all of my children (4) never liked any teething toy. I would spend lots of money on cheap teething toys then trow them away. This is the very first one that my infant LOVES and takes everywhere with him.	5.0
Great teether and toy.  I don't agree with the doggie toy comments, it's better quality than that.  So what it squeaks, kids love that.	5.0
I bought this for my Grandson and he loves it. A word of warning...so will a dog.	5.0
Worth every penny IMO. My son loves this toy. It's a great teether and when he is fussy it gets him out of his funk!! Love it!!	5.0
We got this little giraffe as a gift from a friend who married a Frenchman. I've never heard of it before, but apparently it's a cultural icon of sorts in France. It is a neat little that helps babies with teething, motor skills and in all sorts of other little ways. Sure enough, our baby new exactly what to do with it once he got a hold of little Sophie. He started biting her and mauling her in the most savage ways imaginable, and Sophie took all of it in stride without blinking an eye (literally).So far the toy seems well made and durable. I don't think that there is a material object known to man that can in a long run withstand everything that infants can do to it, but with that caveat in place I am very happy with the quality of this teething toy. Would definitely recommend it to other parents out there.	5.0
A little pricey, but durable and so good to know no harmful substances used in manufacture of this delightful teether.	4.0
What can I say! Everybody loves a Sophie. I have given this teething toy many times and the kiddies love her!  I even found a child's book to match!	5.0
I bought this toy for my daughter becauase it has such a long, proven history, plus it is made of non-toxic matieral.  Ella absolutely loved it, and I buy it as a baby gift for all my friend now.	5.0
I bought this product to know what is exactly the boom of this little toy, and it is lovely, my little kid just love it, it is easy to manage and there is not danger in leaving him alone with it. We really like, and I do not doubt in giving my recommendation to someone who is thinking in buying, to sum up, if you are looking a teether for your bab@s Vulli Sophie the Giraffe is the best recommendation and it is perfect as a gift.	5.0
I received this as a baby shower gift and had never heard of it before. Imagine my surprise when I see it's the #1 seller on amazon baby! My son didn't take much interest in it at all until 4 months or so when he started getting his first teeth. It is very easy for him to grasp and bring up to his mouth to chew on. He especially loves chewing on the feet. However it is not usually the toy he reaches for, and shows so much more interest in other things. I know many moms and babies love it, and it is very high quality, but I would have never payed for it myself. And the dog thinks it's a a dog toy because it squeeks, so that is just kind of gross.	4.0
Easy for baby to hold and she loves it!  Just the right textures with easy gripping.	5.0
This is the best teething toy my kids have ever had.  Both of my boys gnawed on her much to their relief and mine.I can't recommend Sophie enough.  She's durable, cute and she's a classic.When my now 7 year-old son was a baby, you could only get Sophie in Europe.  Thank goodness she made the trip.Buy two!	5.0
My wife found Sophie and we ordered it, at first our son didn't know what to think of it, but a few hours later he was biting it and grabbing it and now he always looks for it and smiles when he sees it.	5.0
As every mom knows, you always want to give your children the best you can.  Though I thought it was a bit expensive, I had read many good reviews about the Vulli Sophie Giraffe Teether and wanted to get one for my baby girl.  And because Sophie is made from all natural rubber and decorated with food-grade coloring, I felt it would be worth the extra money to have the peace of mind knowing that there are no toxic paints, plastics, or dangerous small parts for my daughter to ingest.  She has had an easy time teething (she has 2 lower center teeth with 4 coming in on top and 2 more on the bottom), but she still likes to chew on her little Sophie Giraffe.  Sophie's long skinny neck and legs are easy for my daughter's small hands to hold.  My little girl loves to nibble on Sophie's ears, horns, and feet.  Plus, I think this little giraffe is just so cute.  Also, just as an anecdote: When I first offered Sophie to my daughter, she was NOT interested.  The squeak was a bit loud for her, and the natural rubber taste was different for her.  I thought I may have wasted $18.  However, over time, my daughter has really come to like Sophie.  She will smile and reach for Sophie when I offer it to her, and she seems to enjoy chewing on Sophie.  I am glad I bought this teether, and because it is gender neutral, I know I can use it in the future whether I have another girl or a boy.	5.0
My 7 mo. nephew immediately started playing with and chewing on the teether. He seemed to prefer it over his many other Christmas gifts. It was well worth the price, and his parents appreciated it as well.	5.0
My daughter is 11 months old and she still loves Sophie.  It is one of the toys that I rotate in the car because my dog won't leave Sophie alone if she is in the house.  I also stick Sophie in the diaper bag for a quick distraction.  My daughter is working on her molars now and is able to stick Sophie's legs way back in her mouth.  You can put links around Sophie's neck to attach her to the stroller.  I smile every time I hear the little squeak coming from the backseat :)	5.0
Good size for my 5 month old to grab and chew. She loves it. I don't think all the packaging is really necessary though	5.0
I have tried other teethers with my five month old and she hates the taste of them.  She loves chewing on Sophie's face.  Gave it four stars instead of five because the legs are so close together it is hard for her to chew on them.	4.0
My son loves teh Giraffe. It is his favor toy to chew on. It is soft,the baby can grab it very easily.It makes a funny noice. Great toy for every kid.Love it.	5.0
This toy is worth every penny. My daughter loved this toy at 3 months and still adores it at 6 months. It is her favorite toy by far. The legs and neck are skinny enough that she can grasp it in her tiny hands. Nothing heavy or hard that she can hurt herself with when she flails it around. The head and body squeak and make her laugh. Great for teething. I always keep Sophia in my diaper bag.	5.0
I went back and forth for awhile deciding if I wanted to spend this much for something that is pretty much a dog toy, but I'm glad I did. Baby loves to stick the legs all the way to the back of his mouth to reach the back gums that pacis don't reach. And the squeek makes him laugh. The only complaints I have are that when I wash it it tends to hold water and is hard to get it all out. And the painted on spots and face are fading, I'm guessing from washing it but if its going in the mouth its gonna be clean.	4.0
I admit, I didn't get Sophie the Giraffe at first when my mom insisted I had to get it for my baby daughter.  It was a fancy squeaky teether and that was that.Well, I get it now.  Babies love Sophie.  My baby loves Sophie.This little giraffe is absolutely darling.  Cute face, adorable spots, just one sweet package.And the squeaking.  This thing squeaks if you look at it hard enough, so my daughter loves to bite on the head, body, etc.  The rubber is nice and soft and great for little gums.My own complaint is the paint.  No, I'm not worried about it being harmful to my baby, but having purchased two different Sophies (one at a store, one here on Amazon) and having both fade eventually does cause me to frown.  I get this is the nature of the dye, but it does keep this from being perfect.	4.0
Everyone on here was right. Sophie is incredible. Sophie can win a game of connect four in only three moves. When Alexander Bell invented the telephone he had 3 missed calls from Sophie. Seriously, our boy loves this thing. He enjoys chewing on it and she is the perfect size for his little hands.	5.0
This giraffe is very cute, and I'm sure my daughter would have loved it. But as soon as I received the item (purchased from Dainty Baby) I followed the directions to wash the item with soapy water and a washcloth, and the paint started rubbing off (and I've since read about the same thing happening in other reviews). Whether it's safe (food dye?) paint or not, I'm not comfortable my baby ingesting anything from a toy.	1.0
I was extremely skeptical about buying a $25 teething toy shaped like a giraffe. But since the price was around $17 here on Amazon, I decided to give it a try. I'm glad I did! I didn't want to believe it, but there is just something about this giraffe teether that babies love! I have a 6 month old, and my son LOVES chewing on Sophie's head especially. He finds this toy scattered among his millions of other toys and totes it around the house when he's crawling around. Still can't believe I spent $17 on it, but it was well worth it!	5.0
This teether is exactly what other reviews say.  It is incredible.  My 6 months old took to it right away.  Its the perfect shape to get those little hands around and perfect for gumming on.  It's nice and soft and totally natural.  We love it	5.0
My daughter loves this toy. She chews on it all day and it's nice to know that it is a safe toy..	4.0
I hesitated to buy this because it was such a high price for a simple toy, but after hearing so many great things, I decided to order for my little guy.  He LOVES it!  It is one of his favorite toys, and was worth every penny!  I will definitely keep it in mind for friends family members who have babies.  It would make a great gift.	5.0
This Vulli Sophie is so badly, it has serious smell and drop chips, I'm so disappointed. I cannot give it to my baby, I think it's fake.	1.0
A really good quality one as what I've expected.. My 4 months nephew loves it very much as well! Good buy as a gift!	5.0
My Son (10 mths) loves his Sofie the Giraffe. We bought one in France while visiting relatives for about 8 euros at the grocery store. $[...] seems a little expensive. [...]	5.0
My 7mo son LOVES Sophie!  It has lots of different shapes to chew on and it squeaks!  He's always quite proud of himself when he can make it squeak.  =)	5.0
Sophie gets rave reviews, and I can understand she is a fun object for babies to chew, but unfortunately I have noticed her paint comes off and rubs off easily into babies mouth and on wet paper towels when it needs to be cleaned off.  I was gently washing Sophie with a wet rag because I spilled something on it, and the colors came right off and then I noticed they get on babies mouth as well.  I love the concept, but the toy should be made out of better materials the cost.  Not good quality.	2.0
I needed to purchase some newborn gifts for about 5x babies of friends and family.  I purchased 5x Sophie the Giraffe Teethers.  The Sophie Giraffe products arrived in two days with my Amazon Prime account.  The packaging was great and products arrived in mint condition.  I gave the gift to each person and they were very thankful.  Some had heard about the product.  One friend already had one Sophie and was thankful to get another.  The gifts were a hit.	5.0
This is the 5th one I buy. It is now my signature gift for all expecting mothers. My kids loved it and I know everyone I have given it to loves it too.	5.0
As a new parent, we read all the reviews first. My son was 5 months and put EVERYTHING in his mouth when I bought Sophie.. I figured Sophie wouldn't be a problem.. After washing the toy, we gave it to him and I expected the drool machine to be happy. That wasn't the case. He wrinkled his face up like it was the worst thing he ever tasted. This lead to more washing of Sophie. The only part that my son could chew on was the ears as it was just too big for his mouth. It's been 2 months and Sophie still gets minimal love.. I'm still looking for a substitute for the knuckles of my index finger.. I think my son will be a cannibal :(	2.0
But there's a reason everyone loves Sophie. It was the only toy my baby showed any interest in for about 2 months. It's perfect for teething, easily gripped and for some reason endlessly enjoyable to a newborn/infant.We buy them for our pregnant friends now.	5.0
Is it worth it?  With so many inexpensive teethers on the market in all shapes and sizes, why is this one so popular?  Yes, it's trendy.  Yes, the celebrities all have these for their babies.  Yes, it's European.  But is it really worth the price for your baby?That's the question I've been asking myself ever since receiving Vulli Sophie the Giraffe as a gift from a well-meaning (and much-hipper-than-I-am) friend.  My answer is a qualified "yes."  Here are the benefits.  This teether is several inches tall, making it larger than many other teethers.  Also, it has a lot of appendages (four legs and a long neck).  These features make it easy for my uncoordinated baby to hold on to this teether.  That's a big benefit.  Also, the shape of the legs and head result in a variety of teething choices.  My baby prefers to grip the teether by the legs and to chew on the giraffe's ears or nose.  I've seen other babies who prefer to chew on the front or back legs.  One baby I know even prefers to chew on the giraffe's rump.  With so many choices, your baby is bound to discover one that she/he likes.  Additionally, the teether makes a squeaky sound when squeezed (think about a traditional dog squeaky toy).  My baby likes this sound (as do my dogs).  Finally, the all-rubber surface of this teether makes it easy to clean.  These are the benefits.Here are the downsides.  The rubber on this teether is a bit stinky and definitely has a taste that my baby isn't thrilled about.  She's willing to put up with it, but I can tell that the taste isn't as pleasant to her as that of some of her other teethers.  Also, this teether doesn't have any rough patches or bumps, and those bumps are soothing to babies with serious teething going on.  Finally, this teether costs double or triple what other teethers cost, and that's a big downside if you're buying this for your own baby.  So, weigh the pros against the cons and make a decision if this teether is right for you.	5.0
I always give this gift as a present whenever someone has a baby and it always goes over well.  My daughter introduced me to it when she had her baby.  It is a lovely baby gift.!	5.0
Amazon is great!  Bought for the Giraffe and not necessarily to be used as a teether.  Product was excellent quality but the price might have been a little high?I could see where this would be great for babies who are teething	5.0
This is the greatest teething aid I've ever seen.  Our baby loves it, and it's 100 percent natural.  The giraffe design catches our little one's eyes, she enjoys the squeaks, and she won't let go of it.  In fact, it's safe to say it's become one of her favorite toys.  If you're looking for a great teether, you can't go wrong with Sophie the Giraffe.	5.0
This is the second Sophie I've bought for a grandchild.  There is no beating this most loved friend.  The boys love teething on her and she is easy for them to hold.  When I was first introduced to Sophie my first thought was "Are you kidding me....it looks like a toy I would have had as a baby."  Boy, was I wrong!  Sophie Rules!	5.0
My 6 month old got Sophie when she was a little over two months old and, quite frankly, wasn't at all interested in her. But by 5 months when the drooling started in earnest and everything went to her mouth, she realized Sophie is wonderful! She loves the squeak toy aspect though it does confuse our poor dog since it sounds like a dog toy. But the squeaky kisses Sophie gives my girl brings laughter and smiles every time. Well worth the price but certainly order this from Amazon as it costs $5-6 more at Babies 'R Us!	5.0
Soft and has a squeak.....4 month old just figured out how to make it squeak on purpose. Love it! Thanks	5.0
I bought this for my 6 month old granddaughter and she loves it. It has a soft texture to it and is easy for her to hold.She also likes it to squeak, she looks for it when you squeak it.	5.0
my baby loved this product. so easy for little hands to hold. glad I bought this for her. definitely recommend	5.0
Sophie the girafe is the best toy ever invented!:)  My daughter loves to chew on her even today at fifteen months old.  We could note have gotten thru teething without Sophie.  Everyone who sees Sophie always yells "SOPHIE WE LOVE HER!":)  It is also nice knowing that she is not made in China.  One of the only teethers out there unless you go to a super specialty store.  Out only problem is that our Lab still thinks it belonds to him and he tries to "steal" Sophie on occassion!:)	5.0
We gave Sophie to our kid when he was 4 months and he still loves it. Loves to chew on the giraffe in all possible ways. Probably not his favorite but he nibbles on it quite often whenever he feels like biting on something,	5.0
I've bought 4. No really. Anyone that even looks pregnant is getting one from now on. Just a wise purchase.All the parents rave and the kids seems fixated on Sophie. Wish they had more products alongside it.	5.0
The title says it all... this teething toy is the ONLY toy that works for molars (and anyone who's had a child knows the molars are the WORST!). The legs are just long enough to be chewed on without worrying about baby gagging on them.	5.0
Loved the product, is used on a daily basis by the beautiful recipient.  Sad to say that when it was received the box was destroyed, embarassing when giving it as a gift!	5.0
Alright, first off didn't realize this was a squeaky toy.  It is high quality but still same construction as a dog toy.  I really wouldn't of gotten it had I known it squeaked, it drives my dog nuts.  I buy a present for my 4 month old that I now got to make sure the dog doesn't get to.  It's not a bad toy but really nothing special and the fact that it is basically a re-purposed dog toy is rather disappointing, no idea how it goes so many good reviews.	2.0
I gifted this to a mom-to-be so her second child would have her own Sophie just like her first child.  Mom was very happy.Sophie is a great gift for new babies.	5.0
My 8 month old son just received Sophie and absolutely loves her! So does my husband and the dog too! More than just a teether, my son loves to shake Sophie around just to hear her squeak! I let him take Sophie to his crib for nap time but had to take her away as he was just having way too much fun playing with her. Get one!	5.0
This is an awesome teether. Slightly expensive but my Son used it for months so it was definitely worth it. He loved it! Very cool teether.	5.0
My aunt bought us this for our first girl, and both she and our now 1 year old loved it.  They can chew on the legs, bend them and the neck - and since it is durable but all natural we had no fear of choking or other issues.  This is also very easy to wash off in the sink since it gets chewed on a lot.	5.0
This was recommended to me by a friend. I bought it when my daughter was 3 months old and she loves it! she chews on it wherever we go and it is always with us! she smiles when we squeak it and she can manipulate it very well! we are actually buying a 2nd one to have as a backup in case we lose the first. We highly recommend this to all parents.	5.0
How else can you spend approximately $20 to watch your child gnaw on a silly gummy toy and thoroughly consider it money well spent? I thought it was absolutely ridiculous to spend this much on a kid's chew toy, but after my child found it completely addictive while teething, I bought another one. The only drawback to this toy is that if you wash it too many times, the spots come off and Sophie ends up looking like a freaky albino...	5.0
This toy is very cute to look at and very easy to handle for a baby.  The baby's mother specifically asked for this, so I purchased 2 - one for a baby born and another baby due in March.	5.0
My six month old daughter LOVES her Sophie.Yes, it looks and sounds like a dog toy, but it is also made of safe materials and I am sure dog toys are not given the same care.  My daughter does occasionally get a giraffe leg pretty far into her mouth and it makes her gag, but she's not really choking.  Sophie's body gets in the way and it's not like she could swallow it.We actually like how much interest the dog is showing in the toy (thanks to the squeak) because it's given us a great opportunity to make sure the dog understands that whatever the baby has (no matter how exciting it may look/smell/sound) is absolutely NOT hers.  It's worked really well.Sophie is perfect for teething because it has just enough flexibility, it is easy for my daughter to hold, and it is clear it makes her teeth feel better.  I say register for it for a shower or birthday and hope someone buys it for you, so then you don't have to worry about whether or not it is overpriced.	4.0
My daughter chewed on it a little, but actually ended up preferring metal teething rings. She liked playing with it more than nibbling on it.	4.0
I bought this for my teething 6mo old, all the reviews were great. However, I didn't realize that it squeaks. If you don't mind listening to it ALL the time, then it would probably be great to teeth. I didn't even let her see it, so I have no idea if she would have liked it. It did smell like a plastic dog toy and like I said, IT SQUEAKS! I have no idea why this toy would cost so much, not worth it, in my opinion. I returned it right away. I guess I'll stick to the gel and wood teethers for my little one.l	2.0
My 6 month old loved it and reached for sophie the moment she saw it and promptly started chewing on it so vulli  must have gotten something right about the teether. Her 3 year old twin cousins were playing n squeaking it as well...so all in all a good purchase - both for teething n play.	4.0
My 4.5 months little daughter love this teether very much and like to bytes it a lot at her age now.	5.0
cute teether. easy to clean. Seems like every mom has one now! My son likes it, doesn't have to have it.	4.0
We just got our adorable Sophie this week and my 4 & 1/2 month old daughter loves it. I'm sure there are other great teethers out there but Sophie is easy for chubby hands to grab and she has lots of long or nubby bits to chew on - whatever baby is in the mood for.  Our daughter smiles every time she sees her Sophie and is content to gnaw on her when she needs to.  I love that Sophie is made from rubber trees and non-toxic food grade paint. Love her!	5.0
Twice I found my baby sticking the legs in her mouth and into the back of her throat and choking/gagging.  She was not able or could not figure out to pull it back out (of course, she is a baby)  threw this product away!  If I was not watching her who knows what would have happened. Looked this up online and found this to be a common problem and I believe it had been removed from some stores	1.0
It was absolutely amazing, we didn't even put the Sophie teether on our registry and we got 4 of them from friends. There's a reason why, kids love this thing. Our 6 month old loves chewing on this thing whether it's on the couch, in the car or in his crib! The squeaky sound is an added bonus because it gives his feedback when he presses on the toy!	5.0
My 6 month old's favorite toy by far. I love that she is non toxic, no BPA or other bad chemicals. She has so many places to chew and she is the perfect size for my little one's hands. A must have!	5.0
My 4 months old has been chewing happily on Sophie for a month now. We take her everywhere. Soft, easy to hold and my son LOVES to chew,suck,hold this giraffe. WELL WORTH the price!!	5.0
I thought it was made from a special material, but the product is very simple, a mere plastic that can be found everywhere. it is too expensive.	2.0
My 5-mos old son took to this immediately. The shape of the neck makes it easy to hold and the shape of the legs allows him to stick the feet toward the backs of his gums for sucking and chewing, easing discomfort from teething. (Only the Melissa and Doug bugs container seems to offer similar toys that reach back there with ease. Few toys have that extension and texture.) Especially in his car seat, he often falls asleep with the tip of a leg in his mouth.I was surprised that the toy is so soft and hollow; I'd expected a foam and not the "dog toy" texture.  And sure enough, my dog LOVES this giraffe!  We stepped out of the room to change a diaper and the dog, who normally shadows us, was nowhere to be seen.  Suddenly "squeak squeak squeak" could be heard from across the house.  Our darling mutt schemed to wait til we left to grab the giraffe and race off with his prize.  LOL... every chance he gets!  I suppose that's a downside, but we just clean it with soap and hot water or stick it in the dishwasher and we're good to go.  Anyway, we can legitimately say that the WHOLE family loves this toy!	5.0
I received this as a gift for my second child. It is the best teether toy. She would suck and teeth on it for hours. I was so impressed with the product that I purchased a couple of other Vulli teethers in other styles. Those however, did not have the same impact as Sophie the giraffe and were ignored. Hands down, Sophie is it.	5.0
Sophie is great. I had my doubts about spending this much money for a &#34;chew toy&#34; but it was well worth it. We've had it for almost 2 years now and it still looks great and my 2 year old son still plays with it.	5.0
My niece is 9 months old and loves her giraffe. It is great because it easy for her to grasp and the long neck allows her to keep her hands naturally in front of her while chewing it. The colors on the giraffe have not faded. This little toy stands up to major wear and tear. Delightful toy for a little one!	5.0
Best toy/teether EVERWe're in love with sophie, this definitely is a must have for moms and babies everywhere :)	5.0
My son loves this toy, and has from the beginning!  We received it as a gift when he was 2 months old.  At that age, he loved looking at the contrast of the spots and feeling the funny shape of the toy.  As he got a little older, he loved the squeaker, especially when he discovered that he could do it himself.  Now that he is teething he mouths it all day.  I think the hard rubber and shape of the features offer many different surfaces to soothe his sore gums.I like that fact that it is not made of cheap plastic.  I feel more confident that this toy is safe for my son.I would definitely recommend Sophie!	5.0
This is a fake Sophie. I will not buy it from amazon.  The fake one has raised serial number on leg while real one has serial number inscribed. Also differences in size, color, smell and feel of rubber. This one is a knock-off. Feel deceived that the fakes are being sold here.	1.0
This is my grand daughters favorite toy! it's great to hold and she loves to chew on it. I also ordered her the Sophie the Giraffe first book, but never received it.	5.0
I didn't really do much research on this product. A close friend, who is also a FT nanny, recommended this product. "You HAVE HAVE HAVE to get this!!!!!" I thought it was a pretty expensive teething toy. But I bought it nonetheless because my 8 month old son hasn't been too fond of cold teething rings and similar items.I did NOT know it was also a squeaky toy!!! It's not that bad though.It's easy to rinse off. It's easy to find. I just wish it wasn't such a pricey item.	4.0
I thought it was really good toy and bought it. Cheap tires, horrible chemical smell. Such toys in China cost less than $1. Do not poison your children this crap.	1.0
This is the first review I've written for anything, but we love Sophie so much I wanted to share our delight. My four month old grasped her right out of the package. Even with not much hand control, she can hold Sophie and chew on her with great satisfaction! The texture seems to bring relief to her sore gums and there are many choices for chewing (legs, nose, ears). Even my 6 and 10 year olds love Sophie. They make her dance and squeak for their baby sister. This is our third baby. Rather then buying a million little toys, we are buying a few, more expensive, but quality toys and teethers. Sophie is worth the money.	4.0
He loves this giraffe! He will extend his arm and smack it on the ground back and forth. He likes to put it under his knee and squeak it when he is sitting in his bouncer. This is his buddy when we travel and he will kick it in his car seat.	5.0
This toy is awesome. My 3 1/2 year old can hold it easily and stick Sophie in the mouth! Can't ask for more than that.	5.0
My daughter really loved Sophie at 4 months and during teething time.  She also enjoys the other products made by this vendor.	5.0
This is a must have for the modern teething baby loll it's a lot cheaper on amazon I love it baby loves it what eel is ther to say	5.0
...I just saw other baby's happily mawing it everywhere we went.I'd come across Sophie during my pre-baby hunt for usable items and this rated well, but I wasn't 100% convinced.Then I noticed babies happily gnawing on it many places we went and decided to order one.Once I had it, a gal in my parenting support group mentioned it was on Oprah, etc.That didn't matter to me at all because my little guy loves mashing his gums of the giraffe's feet and face.I do see the paint slowly wearing away, but it's food grade dye, so I'm not worried about it. I don't think my little one cares about the visual appeal of the giraffe, except for the creepy black eyes.Those eyes are on nearly ALL his toys and he loves staring at them.Overall, if your baby loves to chew and maw this is a good teether.	4.0
It is a very simple toy. When I open the box, it just depressed me a lot. Why spend 22$ buying this little plastic toy?	2.0
After reading endless reviews on this thing, I finally decided to dish out the money for this toy. Once I got it in the mail, I was already a little disappointed - it looks just like a rubber dog toy you buy from petsmart, squeaks like one too. I still wanted to try it out because I was desperate to find something to help alleviate my son's teething pain, but the dog was more interested than he was. It didn't seem to help him. I just wanted to share this for the moms on here who are willing to buy anything to help with their baby's teething pain. This isn't the toy. My son likes a cold pacifier, the silicone raspberry teether (costs only $4) or even the tip of his baby spoons better than this thing. It certainly shouldn't be amazon's #1 baby item.	1.0
Baby has not interest in this teething toy. Not sure why. Wasted money on this one. Too bad. Don't emerse in water though cuz' water will get stuck inside. Keep it away from bathtub.	1.0
I am a foster parent and have three babies use this Teether.  It is a great product.  The babies love it.	5.0
I didn't get Sophie for my first baby because I couldn't justify spending close to $20 on a teething toy. I broke down and bought it for my second baby and I'm so glad I did!  He just loves it!!  He plays with it more than his other pricier toys and it seems to soothe his sore gums. His face lights up when he sees Sophie. Even my two year old wants to play with her!	5.0
What a great toy!  My 7 mo old just loves it!  He's teething right now and he just loves to gnaw on Sophie.  It's nice to have a toy that I know isn't exposing him to all sorts of toxic chemicals when he puts it in his mouth.  We also like the fact that you can squeeze any part of Sophie and she will squeak, you don't have to squeeze in one specific spot.  Overall a fantastic toy.  I will be giving it as a gift to expectant parents for years to come!	5.0
I bought this teether for my daughter about a year ago.  It has become her favorite teether.  She seems to select which leg or ear to chew on based on which tooth is bugging her.  My favorite feature is the cleanablility.  We all know how frequently toys end up on the floors of restaurants, stores, etc.	5.0
My daughter enjoyed this toy SO MUCH. Not only for teething help but also for entertainment. The quality is wonderful and I believe we will pass this down to the next one. :)	5.0
my son is 7 months old and teething and he loves this teether. Its very soft and has good places for him to hold onto it and chew without losing it. Very happy I purchased it :)	4.0
My son is 7 months old and Sophie goes EVERYWHERE with us!  She stays in his carseat when we're home just to make sure that she's in the car with us when we leave.  My son laughs and laughs every time she squeaks.  I highly recommend her!	5.0
sophie is a baby's best friend.  cute, squeaky and fun to chew and drool on...sophie should definitely be on your "to  buy" list.  great gift too!	5.0
My little niece loves this thing, she is still extremely young so she can't quite gnaw on it, but she loves to rub the ears and feet on her gums.The squeak it makes it cute too, though you might want to show the baby the noise before hand, it startled my niece a bit.	5.0
My son loves Sophie. When he hears her squeak, he gets excited and looks for her. And she's always got a smile on her face! She's easy to clean. However, if she gets a little too wet, she looses her squeak for a few days. I was really bumped to hear the garbled squeak but she luckily came back after a few days. At first I was hesitant to buy buy her due to the price but so happy I did. She is loved in our home! :)	4.0
Our girl loves her Sophie. We actually lost her first one, and she was always trying to steal her cousin's Sophie!We re-ordered one for her and now all is right with the world once again.It is super cute when she crawls with it because it squeaks.	5.0
I ordered this for my Son. He chews on her all day. Sophie is easy to clean and my son  never gets tires of her.	4.0
My son at 5 months already has his two bottom teeth and is trying to put everything in his mouth.  If he can't reach where he wants to chew he gets sorta fussy but Sophie has so many teething options that he will chew on it for quite some time without throwing it down.  The legs are perfect for farther back in his mouth and I am not worried about parts coming off. Great product!!	5.0
Like every other parent out there that has talked to me about this toy, for whatever reason babies gravitate towards it.  My son recently started teething and with the multiple teething aids available this is his go to.  No idea why.  The squeaking is fun too.  It makes him laugh.	5.0
I bought this for my 6 month old based on all the positive reviews, but was dubious as he did not really enjoy any other teething rings we had bought himSophie arrived promptly and was well packaged, with no damage to any packaging or the toy. We just gave the toy a quick wash (for safety's sake) and handed it over. My wee boy loved it and it went straight into his mouth. The shape is ideal for small hands, it is easily manipulated, and there is not a surface that cannot fit into a mouth.Sophie washes easily so can be kept clean of food and the general mess that babies toys can get into. One quick wash and it is good to go. This has fast become our wee boys favourite toy and is definitely worth the money.	5.0
This is the cheapest I've seen it anywhere and with the free Prime shipping it was even better!  My five month old daughter loves her Sophie.  Other than a freezable gel ring we bought for a couple of bucks, it's the only teething toy we will need to buy.	5.0
One of the best teething toys ever. My daughter has love this and chewed on it for teething since she was about 3 mos old due to the size and shape it's easy for her to hold and control. I know buy them as baby shower gifts because get are so great.	5.0
After all the hype I have heard about how this giraffe is the best teething toy and how much babies love it, I decided to try it for my four-month old son.  I was wary of spending so much on a baby toy, however, so I used a coupon and a gift card to purchase it.  Thank goodness I didn't spend $17 on this!  It is kind of cute, but I was immediately disappointed by the flimsy rubber and almost "dog toy" quality of the toy.  Then I squeezed the darn thing and it let out the loudest squeak!  Not impressed.  My son does kind of like to chew on it, but the squeak scares him!  My husband squeezed it to try to entertain him the other day, and the baby started crying! Some kids might enjoy the sound, but I don't think this is going to be one my child's favorite toys.Update (August 29, 2011):  I take back what I said about Sophie.  My son is now 9 months old, and he has grown quite fond of Sophie.  He actually likes the squeak now, and he loves to chew on her.  Still not sure if she is worth $17, but I am glad I bought her!  I'm changing my rating from 2 stars to 4.	4.0
Baby girl loves her new friend and is able to hold on to it with a tight grip.  A little more than you would pay for for a regular teether, but quite worth the money!  She loves Sophie!	5.0
Being a child photographer, I saw lots of kids with this giraffe and parents would always say "I don't know why but he/she LOVES this thing, we have to have it everywhere with us" so when I had my own baby, I thought I MUST have this thing. I was so excited to open it and give it to my almost 4 month old son. And then....I realized, I love Sophie much more than he does right now! She is very lightweight and easy for him to hold but with his hand/eye coordination not being so great yet, he can't get it into his mouth as easily as he'd like, leading to lots of eye pokes. I've determined that this is something he can only have while highly supervised for now! I expect his love for Sophie will grow as he does though.	4.0
This was the best thing to have when my daughter was teething.  When we received it as a gift, I had never heard of it.  The paint comes off as the child chews on it, but it is edible safe paint.  It is very durable and perfect for children's little hands.  We passed our daughter's on to a cousin after she was finished with it and it is still going strong!  Now I just purchased this as a gift for a new mom.  Highly recommend!!	5.0
Sophie is very cute and well-made. Good Quality.  I was very excited when I got it and couldn't wait to give it to my baby boy, who is 8 months old.  Supprisely he is not interested in it at all.  He kep pushing it away.	4.0
I heard about Sophie in a Stroller Strides class when my son was two months old.  I immediately purchased her and it was by far my son's favorite teether.  Ten months later Sophie is still fully intact and my son's favorite teether.  To keep her squeeker working, you have to remember not to get water in it when washing her! We have been successful thus far!	5.0
I have no idea what the fascination is with the Sophie but since it works like a charm, I'll take it. It seems to be the ideal size to grip and helps so much during the teething phase. Definitely worth the money.	5.0
We are very pleased with this purchase!  We have purchased 2 Sophies (1 for each child) and both loved to chew and play with the toy.	5.0
We got this toy when our baby was 3.5 months old--ALL the little ones in our Brooklyn neighborhood have this thing, so I figured there was good reason for it.  Indeed.  It's dimensions make it easy to grasp--my baby's little fingers fit nicely around the head, neck, or any of the legs. The long neck of the giraffe make it so that when she's holding it at her waist with her hands, it reaches all the way up to her mouth.  She loves chewing on all the knobs around the head and on the hooves.  She is attracted to the simple face with it's dark eye dots and loves to make it squeak.  This is a fantastic toy, no wonder it's been around for so many decades!	5.0
I love this teether! It's pricey but worth it. My four month old loves it and gets excited when he sees it. It's the perfect size for his little hands. Sophie will definitely be my go to baby shower gift from now on!	5.0
I have bought Sophie for both my kids as well as friends and family too. My kdis LOVED Sophie. It is the perfect size for baby to hold and they would spend forever slobbering all over Sophie when they were teething. They never took to other teething toys. I thought the price was crazy when I first saw it for a teether but after all the reviews had to give it a shot and was well worth the money!!	5.0
my son loves sophie.  he smiles as soon as he hears it squeaking.  he was able to hold it and chew on it beginning at four months, and sophie has been wonderful for teething.	5.0
My Baby girl loves slobbery all over it, and the point that its made out of food coloring makes me feel all the better about letting  my lil one chomp all over it. Very easy to clean just an overall nice teething toy for my baby girl.Must have for every lil tot teething...	5.0
It's really terrible. When my 4 months daughter started to chew it,I just found that the rubber was peeling off.....So scary. I returned it to AMAZON right away.	1.0
I thought it would sound,but the sound hole of the teether did not work, when I got the teether.Why do my Vulli Sophie the Giraffe Teether not a voice!	2.0
Our 6-week-old loves Sophie! I started letting her chew on Sophie very early so she'd be used to the taste, smell, etc. before she started teething. She LOVES to chew on her face! She knows the sound of the squeak now and will look for it when she hears it.	5.0
I tried to offer this to my son several times when he was a few months old and he was very disinterested. Eventually when he was about 5 months old he suddenly became interested. He likes it but it's not his favorite by any means. These teething rings from Vulli win hands down over sophie-http://www.amazon.com/Vulli-Vanilla-Flavored-Teethe-Colors/dp/B001N45DM2/ref=sr_1_2?s=baby-products&ie=UTF8&qid=1360729347&sr=1-2&keywords=vulli and they are ADORABLE	4.0
Well, she's kind of in love with Sophie a little.  She gets annoyed when she can't quite get Sophie into her mouth the way she wants.The dogs...really, really want Sophie in a bad, bad way so I'm almost certain that eventually, they'll end up eating this seventeen dollar teething toy.  :)	5.0
My LO loves this toy. It helps with teething and is entertaining. The only down side to the product is trying to clean between the horns and and ears. You have to really get in there because gunk accumulates.	5.0
I swore I would never buy this teether, as I thought it was just over-priced and over-hyped.  But, when our daughter reached the age where she wanted to put anything-and-everything in her mouth, I caved and thought we'd give it a whirl because those legs & ears looked like they were the perfect size for her continuous gumming.Turns out, I was correct: this giraffe is basically just a glorified squeak-toy; even has that dog-toy smell! With that said, my daughter still likes it.  She's not even teething age yet, she just likes gumming it--so we're pretty sure she'll just love it even more once she's teething.  If she continues at the rate she's going, we'll probably get our money's worth with this teether.  In the end, I'm pretty sure it's a good investment!	4.0
We bought this teether for our 4th month old son.  We had searched high and low for a BPA free teether that was small enough for our young teether.  Well, Sophie the Giraffe was the answer.  Our son loves Sophie.  And with her 100% all natural including the food paint she is colored with we have nothing to worry about.  The cost is worth it, she is the only teether your child will ever need!!	5.0
I debated over buying this product for a long time. My friend had one for her son and I read so many reviews and couldn't believe what people were saying about Sophie and I was having a hard time justifying spending $20 on something my son may not like. Well after a terrible few days of teething I broke down and bought Sophie, my husband thought I was crazy. Well let me tell you MY SON LOVES HER. He is amazed by her and he plays and chews on her all the time. Every review is right, it is worth the money and your child will love her.	4.0
My daughter had a Sophie in the mid 70's...though it was a bit smaller.  It didn't survive over all these years so I was delighted to find one on Amazon.  It is still a huge success both for it's teething qualities but also as an entertainment with its squeaky "voice".  I am ordering another one for my great great grandniece today.	5.0
It's a good one.My baby likes it very much.It's so good!It makes my baby not crying.I will buy it soon	5.0
I was skeptical when my wife said that she had ordered a [...] toy for our son, but he has had his Sophie for a couple of months now, and absolutely loves it.  One of the best things about it is the skinny neck and legs.  That makes it much easier for little hands to grab and hold on to.  It is great to put in his carseat because it is one of the toys that he doesn't easily drop, which makes car rides that much more fun.  The heavy rubber is a nice change of pace from the soft stuffed toys and the hard plastic toys too.  I highly recommend it.	5.0
This is a great teether and toy! Every time our daughter sees it she smiles and reaches for it. It can be washed in the dishwasher to keep it sanitized. I can only say get it!! It will be a great item for your child.	5.0
My grandson dragged this around until he started to walk.  Since then, he keeps it under his arm wherevr he goes.	4.0
I bought this for my grandson on a recommendation by a young mother and my grandson loves it.  It's soft and squeaks easily and is easy to hold onto.	5.0
My baby boy is 5 months old and seems to really like Sophie.  She is chewable almost everywhere and he will switch it up. She helps his gums feel better.  I recommend this toy.	5.0
I actually purchased Sophie elsewhere but i was skeptical when i saw it and the price tag attached to it. I thought it was an over priced toy that parents were being suckered into buying. But i ended up buying it anyways and i'm glad i did. My 8 month old daughter loves Sophie so much! She loves the texture of the rubber and it squeaks with minimal pressure to any part of the giraffe. I would buy this again in a heartbeat.	5.0
Never thought I'd see my son French kissing a giraffe, let alone French kissing a French giraffe, but he adores her so. I swear Sophie is like crack for 4 month olds, he looks at her and gets this possessed look in his eyes, reaches out, grabs her with his little chubby hands around her legs, and stuffs her nose into his mouth, where he proceeds with a veritable orgy of chewing. The natural rubber is a little squeaky on his gums when he bites, and when he squeezes her body, she squeaks, which delights him. We've gotten more giggles by dancing Sophie's feet on his tummy while squeaking her. He's teething furiously right now, and Sophie makes it a little more fun. The one we got had no issues with running paint or fragile rubber, it is tough, durable, and he's slobbered all over the thing without paint coming off, so I think we're good, but remember that a lot of these come from different sellers, even if Amazon is shipping them prime.Sophie's been around for 50 years for a reason...ETA: After a couple months of use, some of the paint is starting to wear off Sophie's ears, and there are a few tiny cracks in the surface of the paint, but with the abuse she gets from my kids, this seems well within the acceptable range for me. My special needs 7 year old tends to swipe her whenever she can, and uses her to bounce against her iPad she uses for communication, which is good, because it doesn't trigger the iPad's screen and is not likely to hurt it. The baby loves to gnaw on every part of the giraffe, and popped 2 teeth before 5 months old.	5.0
Very disappointed upon arrival, it resembles a $20.00 dog toy. Paint is already pealing off. Save money and buy a real one.	1.0
My girl loves this toy. She chews on it a lot, making a funny squeeky sound with her yet teethless gums. I like that the toy is very light and bends easily, and made of natural materials. It's the first toy my baby was able to sqeeze and bend to make a sound.	5.0
My husband gave me a strange look when I announced that I bought an almost $20 squeak toy, but after having this for six (6) months he now understands that it was worth it!The product description of this toy seems a little whimsical when it describes how it is a toy for all the senses; however, I am 100% sold.  Besides the smell (it doesn't really seem to have a scent), I would argue that this one toy does entice my baby's sense of sight, touch, taste, and hearing.Summary of the PROS:- Color, I like that this toy is not obnoxiously bright blue, pink, green, yellow and orange!  Every other toy is an eyesore.- The squeak is slightly annoying (like any squeak toy) but it really does make my baby smile when we are out and he gets fussy- The rubber is soft enough that my baby can chew on it without injuring himself and not too soft to puncture (the chewing sound does make a rubbing rubber sound that makes me cringe, but baby loves it).- The &#34;small&#34; parts, I like that the legs, neck and head are small enough for my baby to grab and chew on without being too small.CONS:- Slightly expensive, but worth it in my opinion.- Another mom friend said that the squeak sounds similar to that of her dog's toys so the dog likes to play with this too.  Having two (2) dogs that love squeak toys I am amazed that my dogs have not touched this toy.- I wish there were real instructions (not just vague information on the box) concerning cleaning.  If the squeaker gets wet it sounds like Sophie has a serious cold for a few days until it dries.  Along with this I am also potentially concerned about mold or anything growing inside - no worries yet but I can see how this may occur.It may sound strange that all of my PROS seemed to have CONS attached, but I would like to be clear - I would buy this product again and I would highly recommend this product to anyone with an infant.	5.0
I sometimes think that there is an addictive substance hidden within our Sophie. Man, my toddler loves NOTHING more then this little creation. I initially scoffed at the price of this item and held out on buying it- until I saw my little guy try to steal it from a friend. The next day he got his own Sophie, and I became a believer. The price of this toy far outweighed the possible embarassment of him getting caught red handed again :) WORTH EVERY PENNY!	5.0
great gift for expectant mother or baby teeting. very cute and tried and true. i recommend sophie the giraffe teether,	5.0
My daughter was given this as a gift, and being my first child, I had never heard of "Sophie" before.  I was impressed with the story that comes along with it (with respect to the natural rubber and safe paint) but was really surprised with how much my little girl absolutely loves it!!  As soon as she started gripping objects, this one became her favorite as it is easy to hang onto.  She is just starting to teethe, and chews on either the legs or head constantly.  I would absolutely recommend this as a gift for your child or for any baby shower gift.  Thanks Tammy!! :)	5.0
Best teether ever! It's my daughter's favorite and easy for her little hands to grasp and hold with its skinny neck and legs. She grabs it and goes to town! :)	5.0
I got this for my daughter when she was 3 months old. She took to it immediately. It's really easy to grip for her since both the neck and the legs are skinny enough for her little hands. It's easy to clean and actually really cute. My daughter is now 7 months and has got her first two teeth, and she still absolutely loves chewing on Sophie. Highly recommend this toy!	5.0
I purchased this for my at the time 6 month old for Christmas. I had seen it previously and I didn't really "get it". It looked like an over priced dog toy to me. The reviews are consistently excellent though so I decided to try it anyway. I'm do glad we ordered it. My little guy favors it the most out of all of his teethers and insists that it goes everywhere with us. I'm thinking about buying a second one for just in case! Definetly worth adding to your little teethers collection!	5.0
Sophie is so cute, and comes just as seen! I can't wait to see how my son reacts to her when he is born. She is very popular, and would buy for a gift any day!	5.0
Don't really think this needs a review because everyone has heard all about Sophie. But it is a great product. Made well and this kids (and dogs) love her! Great for boys and girls and makes a perfect baby shower gift for all your friends!	5.0
So much more than a teether. It helps my daughter learn to grab and develop hand-to-mouth coordination; and the squeak factor is a great distractor if she's feeling a little cranky. As a teether, the giraffe is perfect. She can get at it from all different angles, and just chew away. The best part is that I don't worry about what she's chewing on, since the giraffe has no harmful "ingredients". If I could give the giraffe ten stars, I would.Thank you to my sister-in-law for this amazing gift. And thank you to Vulli for making it!	5.0
I tried to fight the urge to buy it and not get sucked into the pressure of everyone else buying a $20 rubber toy.  But my baby was teething so badly I was desperate.  I don't know what this thing is made of but it works.  He will chomp on this for a long time.	5.0
At first I was very hesitant to buy this teether. I was thinking the cost was pretty high for just a teether and I was worried it would be too big. However, when i opened the package I knew it would be perfect. She is very soft and is a great material for babies. My son is three months old and teething so I had to get something for him to be able to hold himself. Sophie is great. She is easy for him to hold and he loves to chew on her legs and ears. He also loves to hold on to her and he enjoys that she squeaks(he giggles). I think the item is a very good product for any age and I highly recommend it. The only thing I would be careful of is water getting in it. I hold my finger over the hole so the squeaker wont get ruined.Great product!	5.0
I don't understand what all the rave about this toy is.bought it for my son and he could not be LESS interested than he is.It tastes kind of rubbery and the squeak is loud and startles him (not to mention its the same exact squeak that dog toys have, so my dog [who's name is also Sophie] thinks its hers)The colors are not as vibrant as the ones on his other toys so he overlooks this when he's got a pile to choose from.	2.0
My son has had his Sophie since he was 4 months old and he absolutely loves it! All of the reviews about the choking hazard are silly because your child should never be left alone with any toy... This is one of my son's favorite toys and everything about it is wonderful. Its very easy to clean and we take it with us everywhere we go.	5.0
My 7 1/2 month old grandbaby was sittng up teething on her BELOVED Sophie. She fell forward, as she does constantly, on her tummy. Usually, this just means more playing and crawling! She was kicking her feet, as usual, facing away from me and I thought her body movement looked strange. I grabbed her up and Sophie's right front leg was jammed down  her throat and had COMPLETELY blocked her breathing!!! As soon as I removed it, she was gasping for air and thankfully began to scream. Sophie is her FAVORITE toy and ours until now! Children should not be unattended with Sopie!	1.0
When my daughter first asked for this giraffe for her baby girl, I thought she was out of her mind.  Now I'm a huge fan!  Sophie is made in France (not scary China), and so she can teethe to her heart's content.  Plus Sophie is cute and different---but not unique:  everyone seems to have one!  My granddaughter loves to play with her, and Sophie's an especially good distraction in the stroller and carseat.Vulli Sophie the Giraffe Teether, Brown/ White	5.0
I don't understand the fuss with these tethers. We went through 3 just to give it the benefit of the doubt. The paint came off easily on all of them, you can't wash them as water gets inside so it gets ruined. I say it's a waste of money. Too expensive.	2.0
I purchased this as a gift for a shower.  My friend loved it and looks forward to using it.  It shipped fast too.	5.0
My baby loves it and me too.  It makes noise when press it, it is not too big and not too small, easy to grab for a baby and very good quality.	5.0
My son is 23 weeks. He loves to stick everything in his mouth. Tried giving him just a normal teether and he doesn't care for them. This was giving to us as a gift. From the second i squeeked it he loved it. I like to give it to him when I'm trying to change his diaper distracts him. When I first saw it I was like ok cute but.what's the big deal. Now I'm glad I have it.	5.0
It is just what I was looking for.  Very smooth as well and nothing pointed to hurt our upcoming bundle of joy.	5.0
My 3 month old  holds it good and soft enough to get to her mouth for teething and she loves it	5.0
Bought this for a gift.  I'm sure she'll love it as much as I do, and hope her baby loves it even more.	5.0
The new Mom was very happy with this unique teether.I was happy it was exactly as described and arrived on schedule.Merci!	5.0
Age recommendation for this is 0 and up, but we didn't buy one for our little one until she was 7 months.We gave it to her and her eyes lit up! She held it, and instantly started teething with it. Eventually she got it to squeak and it made her smile.Sophie the giraffe is really adorable - we it with us while out and several people commented on how cute the giraffe is.Be forewarned though, if you have dogs, they take a big interest in this! The squeaker sounds very similar to dog toys.	5.0
I can't believe how much is being charged for this silly thing. If you're wondering what the big deal is about this giraffe, I'll tell you- it's nothing.It's an over priced trend.It's no different than a squeaky dog toy.If you get water in the squeaky hole you can expect mold to grow. Lame.	1.0
My baby enjoys this toy but the LOUD squeak has woken him up when he squirms around in his crib during naps. ALso, the dishwasher leaves strange dark bruises on it. Not our top favorite--the vulli vanilla teething rings are better.	2.0
I bought this for my new grandson. he isn't quite old enough to hold it, much less chomp on it. I know he will love it.	5.0
I love this little giraffe teether and plan to give it as a baby gift with the two accompanying books.  Unfortunately the shipping  package was not approriate  (soft) and the item box got damaged.  Not too happy about that, since this is for a gift.	5.0
Got this for my great niece.  She now ha one at her home as well as her grandparents.  Everyone likes this	5.0
It's easy to hold by little fingers n gives sound when she presses it. She loves it very much and smile every time she sees Sophie.	5.0
I don't know why, but my son loves it. Don't let the price scare you, this thing has been worth every penny. For sure it's one of his favorite toys!	5.0
He smiles at the giraffe and open his arms to welcome it every time i give it to him. It's a very good chewing toy for babies who are teething. Easy to grab with these tiny hands. Many different parts can be chewed on, head, horn, foot, even the neck and butt. I guess it's fun for the babies to think and choose which part to chew everyday. I bought two of these so he can take one to daycare also. Would recommend to friends.	5.0
My first two grandchildren loved their Sophie so I had to buy one for my new grandson.  Sophie is easy for little hands to hold and they loved to chew on her.  Great for teething.  Highly recommend.	5.0
I wanted to love this product and was excited to buy it when I became pregnant but am now hesitant to let my baby use it after reading about the recall in Europe. Apparently, as I understand it, their toxin standards of measurement are lower than ours so they have not been recalled here (apparently we are OK with low levels of nitrates in the toys our children put in their mouths, but Europeans are not...hmmm)...Be that as it may, toxins registering even CLOSE to a dangerous level made me nervous about using. After digging around online I did discover that the company claims to have changed the product after a certain date and lists manufacturing codes so you can check yours (those listed were made after a certain date and are said to be safer). Sadly mine was not made after the &#34;improved&#34; date but I could not return it because there was no formal recall in our country. I considered returning it and hunting for one with an approved manufacturing date but man that was just too much work. Bummed but not ready to take a risk with my baby.	1.0
Had I known about Sophie before now I would only have ever bought my girls one teether instead of all the other little ones out there.	5.0
This toy has grown on me as my daughter has now had it for about 6 months. It is great for when they are tiny. My 10 week old baby could hold this light toy on her own and make it squeak. She now gnaws on it to sooth her gums. I think it's a soothing toy to play with for kids who are not binky or thumb suckers. I love when I hear her squeaking it, it's almost her way of saying, "Hello, I'm here." Very cute. I have since given several Sophie's as baby shower gifts.One thing to note, this is not a hard plastic toy, it is soft and squishy and squeaks like a dog toy.	5.0
Had to give it away without a chew. Good quality but no baby of mine wanted to put it anywhere near his or her mouth. Never quite recovered from bing submerged in water as well.	2.0
My daughter began teething at 3 months and did not have her first tooth pop until 7 months.  It was definately uncomfortable and painful for her.  We tried numerous teething toys but this was by far her favorite!  She loves to chew on the legs which relieves her pain.  She still plays with it today, even though she's past her teething.	5.0
We love Sophie. She's a fun, squishy toy that's great for teething. All of the cool kids have this toy so naturally, we had to have one too.	5.0
We bought a number of different teethers for my daughter, and as all the previous reviews promised, she LOVED Sophie the best.  Worth every penny!	5.0
Best $20 we have spent in a while.  Worth it for your teething child.	5.0
My daughter received Sophie as a gift and immediately took to it. She loves chewing on the feet and the horns. She began playing with it at about 3 months and still gets lots of use out of it at 6 months with almost no apparent wear to the toy. It's expensive, but probably rates as her favorite toy and has brought her gums lots of relief. Buy this toy and be a hero!	5.0
My son has been enjoying Sophie for about 3 months now.  He is currently 6 months old and this is by far one of his favorite toys.  This toy is very easy for him to grab with those little fingers and he loves chewing on legs, ear, horns and mouth.  He also loves the squeak, I can always get a smile out of him by bringing Sophie to his attention.  Sophie is also very easy to clean if dropped, which, lets face it, happens quite often at this age!	5.0
I also wondered why I would spend [...] for what some people were calling a "dog toy".  I'm glad I did though - he really does love munching on the legs, ears & face of Sophie more then any other teething toy he has.  Sophie is soft & fits easily in his mouth & easy to grip...And it's Easy To Clean!	4.0
My four month old loves Sophie! As the description mentions, it captures the attention of her senses, including hearing and smell. She also loves looking at Sophie's spots. The toy cleans easily and she almost likes it *too* much -- she gets upset when she can't get the little hooves in her mouth fast enough!	5.0
My 4 month old would not take a pacifier or any other teether. She only wanted her giraffe. It reminds me of a dog's chew toy but my daughter loves it and that makes me happy. Worth every penny.	5.0
When my sister-in-law told me she spent $20 on a teething toy, I thought she was crazy. Then it became my son's favorite toy. There is just something about it--it's squishy, squeaky, and cute. It has relieved his teething better than anything else, and he loves to play with it when it's not in his mouth.  Worth every penny!	5.0
My baby started teething early, so this was absolutely perfect for her.  She didn't have great aim to get things in her mouth, so the length and the softness was perfect.  Every time she sees this toy she gets excited, it's one of her favorites.  It's easy to keep clean.  Worth every penny.	5.0
I just received Sophie. I am pretty sure that this is a used and/or returned product, which was re-sold to me. The packaging is not sealed, and appears damaged. The actual toy has some of the paint missing.  A store could not sell this product in this condition. My assistant, without promoting noticed it too when I handed it to her. Amazon, I am disappointed in you.	4.0
Totally overpriced for what it is.  Go to Petsmart and get a squeaky toy for $.99.  My 7-month old doesn't even like it.  She wants her $2 rattles instead.  This thing is totally useless.  Don't waste your money!	1.0
we love so pie, she is so cute. my baby loves to chew chew chew on her and she is so sweet	5.0
My daughter has owned Sophie for a year now, receiving it when she was 3 months old. Sophie quickly became her favorite thing, and it accompanied us everywhere for about 6 months. She loved to chew on it, the squeaky sound delighted her, and she even slept with it. At 15 months old, she is no longer as attached to Sophie as she once was, but she still smiles whenever she sees her and plays with her a bit.	5.0
i looked at this teether forever before i finally broke down and paid $19. for it, it says that the paint does not come off and it does, my son is only 3 months old and is teething but has no teeth through yet but is still able to suck the paint off of it and i wiped it down with a wipe and the paint on her eyes also comes off, i cannot understand why ppl have said that the spots are actually a part of her rubber body because they are painted on and they do come off and im very unhappy about this because i read all the good reviews about it and finallt decided to order it and im very disappointed.	4.0
Received a fake one. Paint on the Giraffe started peeling off. It was sold by &#34;SB Natural Products&#34; and fulfilled by amazon.	1.0
My son first saw Sophie at age 5 months at a friend's house.  He loved her, but I didn't think much of it.  A couple months later he saw her again at another friend's house.  He STILL loved her!  The parents raved about how their kids loved her, so I decided I would buy a Sophie Giraffe.  My son is almost 9 months old and Sophie is a favorite.  He chews on her more than all his other toys combined.  I am glad I bought her.  I never would have chosen her, so I am glad my son did.  I don't think she is cute and she is a bit pricey in my opinion.  If I had just bought Sophie and not all the other cheaper teethers, I would have been money ahead.  I just hope I don't lose her.  I may need to have a spare on hand.	5.0
Great feel, great squeek, great quality, great story...Sophie is just great all around. My little man loves her...even though in public I do feel a little odd asking my son &#34;here honey baby, do you want your Sophie doll&#34;? Hubs wanted to rename her to a boy name....but that would ruin Sophie's legacy. My son played with her up to about a year old..I'll be saving her forever in my keepsake box.	5.0
This may be my fault, but, I boiled the giraffe after my son got a cold in an attempt to disinfect it and the squeaker stopped working!  My son loves this giraffe.  He still chews on every part of the giraffe regardless of the squeaker being in it or not.  Just sad that it no longer squeaks.....	4.0
I am so sorry to rename the Giraffe to George but that seemed to work well for our daughter.We were given this giraffe from a friend as a gift and it has been the absolute best!Not sure why anyone would not give it 5 stars. My kid totally digs it.She has had some pretty bad teething episodes and this giraffe not only helps with this but she loves the squeek it makes and the expression on its face seems to really play well with my daughter. Two huge thumbs up!	5.0
When I first got Sophie in the mail, I had some buyers remorse because it did seem like a glorified dog toy.  As soon as I gave to to my 5 month old son he loved it!  It is by far the toy he plays with the most!  He is teething but I think he would like it anyway because it is so easy to grab and squeak!  My husband thinks that Sophie is too girly of a name for a boy toy so he insists that we call him Jerry.  It is really funny.  This toy is on the expensive side but I have to say that it is really worth it!	5.0
The squeeze sound are way too loud which scared my son a couple time. Maybe it will work fine outdoor, but my son did not really like it.	2.0
MY SON LOVES THIS TEETHER. HE CHEWS ON THE LEG OR THE HEAD AND SWITCHES IT UP WHEN HE GETS BORED. I WAS SCEPTICAL, SINCE IT'S THE MOST EXPENSIVE TEETHER I HAVE SEEN, BUT WHEN I GAVE IT TO MY BOY HE KNEW RIGHT AWAY WHAT TO DO AND NOW INSISTS ON HAVING THIS.	5.0
I have bought one of these for each of my granddaughters and also for my great niece and it is the best teething toy.  No need to buy them anything else.  And they love her too, which makes Sophie even more special. Can't give it 10 stars but I would if I could.	5.0
At first I was skeptical, I mean $17 for a chew toy that looks more like a dog toy? But, after reading the reviews and going nuts with a teething baby I gave it a shot and bought one. As soon as our daughter saw it she smiled (and as you know that's worth a million bucks) and although she wasn't very good with her hands yet, she tried to get it in her mouth. After an incident where our puppy grabbed Sophie and ran around the yard with her we figured we better get a back up or two. Sophie is our go-to girl whenever baby is crying, bored, cranky, sleepy, you get the picture. She seems to make everything better. And anyone with a small baby knows, that alone is worth the $17.	5.0
I got Sophie for my baby when she was 3 months old, she is 7 already and still loves it, and others kids who see the Giraffe also get crazy for it!	5.0
My little girl is 3 months and teething already so I needed a teether that she could easily hold. I received Sophie today and I think it's a cute toy. It does look a lot like a cheap dog toy but that fact it is made of natural rubber and food grade paint was a plus with me. My daughter can hold it but she wasn't really interested in putting it in her mouth. She still goes for her hands. She did however enjoy me playing with her with the toy. She smiled several times at the giraffe during playtime. I am just going to keep reintroducing the toy in hopes she will use it as teether instead of her hands. I'm not sure this would be a good toy for a baby that already has teeth though because of how soft the rubber is.	4.0
This is a cute item, however, the box arrived and it was crushed and looked used.  it was intedned as a gift so very embarrassing to have it look like a regift	2.0
I had put Sophie on my registry, but no one purchased it (I'm guessing the high cost). I knew that I wanted it after reading the reviews, so I purchased it before my baby was even born. My husband thought I was crazy for spending 20 dollars on a little giraffe toy, but he later realized that it was twenty dollars well spent. When I saw my son starting to put objects into his mouth, I knew it was time for the Sophie. This toy has become his favorite toy. No matter where I go, I make sure I have Sophie. It will keep him distracted and entertained for a good time. So in conclusion, bite the bullet and buy Sophie. You'll be very glad that you did.	5.0
My baby loves this toy.I give this toy as a baby gift to anyone I know doesn't have it. I have yet to come across a baby who owns this toy that doesn't love it. It has such a nice texture and such a nice little squeaker in it. My little one loves to chew on her ears and legs. It seems to appeal to him that just the lightest grip will make a nice light squeak as well. Perfect shape for little hands to grip.Great product.	5.0
Well, my son, who is 4 months, loves to chew on it, anyway he can. So I shoild say, I'm happy about the product.	5.0
This little teether is expensive, but I think it's worth it. The long legs will even reach into the back of his mouth to his molars when my ds starts getting teeth back there	5.0
I don't know what it is about this thing, but my daughter loves it. It is the first toy she has been interested in and will look at and try to grab. She is 2 1/2 months. Can't wait to see how it works when she is teething.	5.0
My 6 month old has adored this since we bought it about 6 weeks ago!  He is in the car for 2 hours each day and, unless he is sleeping, he is always chewing on Sophie.  My niece also loves her Sophie and that is why I didn't blink an eye at the price tag.  No regrets!	5.0
Received the product and smells like cheap rubber. This is biggest waste of money. I even soaked it in hot water with soap for couple of hours (over a couple of days) but still smells. I ended up tossing this as this was waste of money.	1.0
I just purchased Sophie la giraffe for my 5 month old son and it was love at first sight!  He simply loves it!  The toy is very easy to handle with his small hands and the texture is like nothing else!  After all, it is made of natural rubber, not manufactured plastic.  Even the squeaking noise makes him laugh every time! 100% worth the price.	5.0
i know everyone loves this thing, but we took it away from my son when he was 3 months old because all of the paint was rubbing off and showing up on his face and in his mouth.  Just by gently rubbing the body of this thing with your finger will cause the paint to come off in little rolls.  Maybe, the paint is ok to eat, but why risk your baby eating rubber and paint if he doesn't have to.  We are sticking to cloth and wooden toys.	1.0
I read the reviews on this before I bought it and had some concerns but this turned out to be a great little teether for my grandson. I recommend to keep an eye on it all of the time to be sure that none of the bite marks breakthrough.	5.0
I JUST got this in the mail.  Very cute toy.  My nearly one year old daughter likes the squeaker.  But so does the dog!  She's getting teeth in almost every month so this will come in handy.  I love the background story that was included.	4.0
I bought this for my granddaughter whose name happens to be Sophie.  She's beginning to chew on it's ear. I bought it after I googled top infant toys.	5.0
Teething made easier with Sophie - a hit with my grandaughter and it seemed well made- very soft and fun - reminds me of old fashioned toys.	5.0
I purchased this for my grandson and he loves it! It is a great teething toy, and is one of his favorites!	5.0
My baby loves this. We got it as a gift and it is the best toy ever. She will chew on it for hours!	5.0
I'm not sure what it is about Sophie that's makes her so very popular with the very young crowd but my granddaughter loves her. She is 3 months old and just starting to grasp things (intentionally). When I showed Sophie to her she focused right on her and then reached up and grabbed her and had her nose covered with slobber within a minute. She seems to really like her although she's not crazy about the squeaker yet.	5.0
When I ordered Sophie I was excited that it was suppose to do sooooo much for pleasing my grandson. Well, he doesn't use it, the squeak does nothing to get his attention and for what you pay for it, it's NOT worth the money. With ALL the Hype, I thought SOPHIE would have been a wonderful teether, but there are many other things that pleases him more that I should have purchased instead, the Teeting rings are easier for them to HOLD and feel GOOD on the gums. When COLD. Keep your money and get the colorful rings you can place in the freezer, your child or grandchild will be much happier.	2.0
I think this toy is so cute and I have tried so hard to make it a favorite of my daughter after spending about 20 dollars on it. She'll bite on it for a minute if I hold it up for her, but she will drop it after a few seconds and go to another toy. It was such a highly rated toy that I thought I would give it a shot despite the high price, but I would have to say it was not worth it with how much my daughter uses it.	2.0
Sophie the Giraffe is the perfect teething toy. She is soft, makes squeaky sounds in both her head and body, and is just right for tiny little fists. My son loves to chew on her ears, horns, and legs. The day she arrived he was cutting a new tooth and just gnawed her a ton. She is really well made, and my older children love to play with her too. When I ask them to get my son a toy, they always pick Sophie. The only downside to Sophie is the cost. I priced out a number of other teething toys, and Sophie was definitely one of the most expensive. After having Sophie for a month though, I would still recommend her. She is worth the price and is one of the few toys that we have that are actually worth what we paid for them.	5.0
Someone gave this giraffe toy to my son shortly after he was born. From the first days he began grasping things, he's loved it. He's now 8 months old and still enjoyed playing with it up until recently when I took it away. Unfortunately, Sophie the giraffe has lost most of her spots and most of the brown paint from her feet and head. I'm guessing that a lot of this paint has been eaten by my son. I'm not overly nervous or sensitive about him chewing on his toys, but this possible paint digestion from a plastic toy bothered me. I wouldn't give it as a gift to anyone.	2.0
My daughter loves Sophie, but we received her as a gift from Amazon. Upon purchasing another one, we discovered the one from Amazon was a fake. The squeaker broke, no blush on cheeks, rough surface, paint peeling off, and legs were not smooth and had pits/divots etc. Sad that someone is doing this, but don't buy here til Amazon resolves. Also, please monitor your child while they are using Sophie. The legs are a choking hazard.	2.0
My daughter loves to bite Vulli! :-) It is very safe and it helps when she is having some sort of discomfort with first teething. Definitely Recommend.	5.0
It's not a bad toy... but it really does seem like a dog toy. It reminds me of the rubber squeaky bones you can buy at pet stores. I feel like I paid too much for it but if my baby likes it then I won't complain!	4.0
The packaging made the item look of decent quality.  However, immediately after opening the box, the item exuded a potent, cheap plastic odor.  After several washings, the odor remained.  The quality of the item seems very poor, and is constructed much like a very cheap pet toy.  It immediately went back into the box and I've just printed out the amazon return label.  I can't believe how many good reviews this item received, which is largely how we base our purchases.	1.0
This is such such a popular and well tested teething toy that I'm always happy to give it as a gift...as I did in this case.  Another happy baby &#128522;	5.0
My grandaughter loves this as a teether.  She can really chew on it without damaging her gums.  I love the feel of the rubber.  Would recommend it	5.0
Sophie is cute and great for my daughter.  She likes to suck on her face and feet and recently starting chewing on her ears.  I wish this item were cheaper and I'd buy another one for her child care provider to keep handy.  Sophie is very soft and I love that it's not full of chemicals!  That alone makes it worth the money to me when looking at teething items.  Hopefully the price will drop so we can get another!	4.0
Our little guy is teething early and Sophie is easy for him to "hug" and chew, since he is only 3 months and still working on the fine motor skills.  She is big enough that he can wrap his arm around her and chew away.  He loves the contrast between the skin and the spots and smiles when we pull her out.Cute squeek too!  He has already learned to hug her tight to get a little squeek.Just not sure how to clean her, using soap and warm water, but the directions were a bit ambiguous on the proper technique.	4.0
Bought this for a gift for my friend and she was delighted.  I have heard so many good things about Sophie the Giraffe Teether.	5.0
I had heard that Sophie was a good teether toy, but wow! My son LOVES it!  He will chew on her for such a long time without getting bored.  When he gets fussy from painful gums, I just give him this giraffe.  I will buy one of these for every baby shower I go to from now on.  When I hand her to my baby, he waves his arms and legs and squeals, he is so excited.  Don't be deterred by the price - it is worth it.  I just don't know what we would do if she were to get lost!!	5.0
Sophie the Girafee is a simple but well loved teething toy.  My baby loves to chew on its legs and nose. What I love about it, is that it is made from natural materials. A must-have!	5.0
I buy Sophie for all the special babies in my life.  They love her.  Best teething toy ever!  Definitely worth the $!	5.0
We love Sophie!! Perfect toy/teether for a fussy baby! Our daughter loves holding Sophie, worth every penny!!! Highly recommend for all babies!	5.0
it's good,but not suitable for everyoneCmy daughter is 8 months and she don't like it, it's a pity and it doesn't worth it.	4.0
My son can't get enough of his sophie. He knows who she is by name, we went to someone elses house who had one and he almost panicked that they were chewing on it and it wasn't his. I am so glad we made this purchase, I don't know what it is but he loves it. I will probably pick up the bathtime sophie too because when you get this one wet she doesn't squeak. Def attracts dirt easily though.	5.0
I have two granddaughters who so loved these Sophie's; what a great shower gift they are; smell great and are so flexible for infants and toddlers.	5.0
There's something so sweet and charming about this teething toy.  My grandkids love it; her long neck fits securely in their hands and her face has such a sweet look.  And she's safe to chew on (pretty important for a teether!).  I would give this five stars except for the price - over $19 for a teething toy is pretty expensive!	4.0
my grand daughter had this teether, she loved it until I noticed the paint coming off. I took it away immediately. So it sits on the shelf. What a waste of money. I never saw a teething toy that had the paint come off in my life. I hope it was not toxic. Maybe it would make a good dog toy.	1.0
It's super cute. My LO loves it and I love it as well. The squeaky noise it makes is good for distractions when my LO is being fussy..	5.0
This teether toy is great. For some reason the squeaker fell into the giraffe about a week after I got it. Not sure if it's happened to anyone else. I guess it's kinda nice cause no it doesn't make noise. My son loves it.Was shipped in a very timely manner.Would recommend this product!	4.0
This toy is good teether and it make a funny sound. We introduced it to our baby at 2 month and till now (8.5 month) she still laugh when she see it and bite it too. The most important thing is that it is a french hand made, so no china here :)	4.0
i bought this for my 9 month old son for this past christmas when he was 7 1/2 months and started teething like crazy. at first he didn't know what to do with it but was able to easily grasp on its neck and it's legs and before i knew it he was chomping away. this giraffe is so cute and small and made for lil babies' hands and fingers (and of course mouth). he loves to chew on its ears and its hooves and wherever else he can get at. i wish i had known about it earlier when he had JUST started the teething process but as it is, i'm glad that i was able to find out later cuz he just loves this giraffe. would recommend it for every baby!	5.0
I received this as a baby shower gift. I had put it on my registry, due to all the good reviews. I'm a first time soon-to-be parent. When I pulled it out of its fancy box, I could already see the paint coming off of the cheeks and ears of the giraffe. When I rubbed the cheeks with my thumb, more paint came off. I can't imagine the paint won't come off when chewed on by a child. I'm not sure if I'll give it to my baby once he is born. I don't want him chewing and ingesting the paint. It's not worth $17. It's dollar-store quality.	1.0
My two year old still loves Sophie!!  She used it as a teether and loved it because it was easy to grasp and it has so many plcces to chew on.  The rubber is nice and soft and the squeak is super entertaining.  I was hesitant at first because of the price and thought it CRAZY to spend so much but I am glad that I did. The hype about Sophie is genuine....it is a great teether and the only one she ever really used as a baby.	5.0
My brother and sister in law just loved this. It is the genuine item. Nothing like the other one someone else gave the baby. Sidney loved this one!	5.0
I bought this teether/toy for my daughter when she was about 4 or five months old and she just never took it.  She did play with for a few days but just to make it squeak.  She was never interested in it as a teether for some reason.  I paid about $20 for this too, so I was pretty sad that I spent so much for a teether and it basically just went in the toy bin never to be used.  I would offer it to her often but she just wasn't interested.	1.0
I love being able to give my infant a safe toy to play with. Sophie is made with natural rubber and food safe dyes. My son is 5 months and has been playing with Sophie for about a month. He loves her! He already has two teeth so he loves chewing on her. He can easily make her squeak.	5.0
This was a favorite toy up until my daughter turned one- she doesn't play with it as much anymore now that she is walking and getting into every thing!  I would highly recommend giving these as baby shower gifts.  This is the third one I have bought from Amazon.  I have found them in local toy stores for $40 dollars- It is not worth that price!  Amazon's prices are great.  Super cute Sophie is easy to clean, soft, BPA free and squeaks!  I will be keeping my daughters as a keepsake.  Happy Shopping!	5.0
I got this because my daughter always plays with our friends and she loves it. She does not use it as a teether, but we just had our second child and I am sure he will!! Love Sophie!!	5.0
WoW. That is my one word summary. Originally I had hoped to recieve this very cute toy for my baby girl at her shower, and then I actually got it and realized (with dismay and irritation) that is has a squeeky toy right in the belly! Here i was enjoying the company of family and friends cooing over our new bundle when my older, nine year old, daughter pulled it out of the pile of gifts and started squeeking it repeatedly. I Really wish it would have said in the product discription that it squeeked - I would never have asked for it. It DOES sound just like a dog toy! I had to do surgery and now sophie has a hole on her side. But you live and learn - I should have asked for the Baby Food Puree Book instead!	1.0
She travels everywhere with us. Great toy to tuck under their arm, spark their attention and to chew on. We are constantly referring to her as our son's "girlfriend."	5.0
Sophie the Giraffe Teether.  I have given this to several friends with babies, and they have all loved this.  Also, you can purchase books about Sophie, which I think is excellent.	5.0
Do NOT leave your baby unsupervised with this toy! I was doing tummy time with my five month old son and he got the leg of the giraffe down his throat and was choking on it!! If I had not been right there, he could have died. He loves this toy so I won't take it away, I just won't let him have it when he's laying on his belly and he DEFINITELY won't be playing with it without an adult right there. I'll be contacting the manufacturer...especially since I see other reviews on here with the same story! Scary. Other than that major flaw, this is a great toy. The squeaker squeaks really easily, perfect for babies, and the rubber is very soft (but still durable).	1.0
What can be said that hasn't been said before?  There is a reason why this toy is so popular.  There are many shapes for the baby to chew on, satisfying wherever he/she want to reach with it.  The legs are particularly nice to reach the molars.	5.0
This is the most expensive chew toy I've ever purchased. For twenty something dollars I was expecting this to be a nice sturdy teether. The paint came off in my sons mouth, it was filthy in minutes. Not at all was I was expecting from a product with such rave reviews.New moms & First Time moms BEWARE.	1.0
I don't know why I never heard of Sophie before, but my granddaughter has loved playing with this toy from the time she was 5 months old, and is still playing with it at 12 months!	5.0
My daughter loves this teether.  It's super soft rubber and easy to keep clean.  The long legs are great for when molars are coming in!	5.0
Fast shipping and delivery though the package had a hard time during the freight but the rest is just perfect. Sophie is also the perfect product for baby they just love it ! It must be at least the 5th or 6th one that I buy for presents.	5.0
MY DAUGHTER LOVE THIS TOY FOR HER SON ROMAN.HE CAN HOLD THI S GIRAFFE TEETHER ALL DAY LONE,WITH OUT FUSSING,THANK YOU.	5.0
This came on the timeline given and looks exactly as expected. I have 3 grandsons each of whom had one and loved it. I'm now planning on giving it as a baby gift to three friends who are expecting babies in the near future.	5.0
Purchased this for both of my boys and they loved it. It does the job when the kids are teething.	5.0
I gave this as a gift to a 6mos old and he loved it.  Easy for the child to grip and chew.  Has a retro squeak too.  Read the pamphlet it has and interesting history.	4.0
This teether is reserved for future use, it looks cute in the image of giraffe, yet it has a little bit of plastic smell	5.0
Not only did the baby love it, her older siblings kept trying to get it away from her, but she wouldn't budge, she definately made the toy hers.  She was thrilled when she realized if she bites down on it, it makes noises.  It is soo cute, and the knowledge that they are top grade materials is an added plus. Very happy with my purchase.	5.0
I am very angry to find out that this teether having serious painting issues. And more surprisingly, it is different from the one selling in store at Baby R US!  I bought this for my baby 3 months ago when he was 6 months old.  However, pretty soon after I got it, I found the painting on the Giraffe's head and legs was peeling off.  So I stopped giving it to my baby.  And just recently I saw a discussion online and a bunch of moms all complained the painting issue with this teether.  And guess what?  They all bought it from Amazon!  One mom pointed it out that the product she got from Amazon looks totally different from the one she bought from BRU.  And she had no painting problem with the one from BRU. So I went to BRU store and checked it out myself.  And I was angry to see it was true!  The Giraffe selling in BRU is light pink comparing to the brown color I bought form Amazon.  I won't say the one on Amazon is fake.  But I won't recommend to buy it on Amazon, after spending so much money!	1.0
I don't know what it is about this thing, but my baby loves it!  She has been playing with sophie everyday since she was about 8 weeks old and she is now almost 8 months.  I really do not see the appeal, but every baby seems to love this toy.	5.0
I got this for my son when he was about 5 months old.  He's had it for a month, and loves the squeeky sound it makes as well as chewing on ears, and feet.  It's wonderful!	4.0
All French babies have a giraffe Sophie, and this since years ! I had my own 40 years ago. It is still a hit and my daughter - who received it as a gift from an aunt - loves it ! I'm also glad to know it's natural hevea and safe (by European standards, so really safe) alimentary paint.	5.0
I finally gave in (because I thought it was so cute) and purchased one of these for my daughter.  None of her other teething toys would fit in her mouth. Plus, most of them were hard for her to grip onto. Sophie is perfect. She has so many places to hold and so many small surfaces to chew on. My 2.5 year old also got a major kick out of making the toy squeak. This toy has lasted well after months of use from both a baby and toddler. This is on my list of baby gifts.	5.0
This is an absolute must for a teething baby. Dogs love it too! ;) We bought Sophie for my now 3 year old and he still plays with her. The paint fades I've time but it's not a big deal. As with any toy, babies should be supervised while playing/chewing.It is not advised that you put this in the microwave or a sterilizer to clean. Just wipe with soapy water (do not submerge) or use a disinfecting wipe.The shape of Sophie is one of the best things about this toy. Smaller babies, with less control, have an easier time holding onto it. My children start teething at 3 months or earlier so that is very important to me.	5.0
I heard the hype about Sophie and didn't believe it!  But as my baby began to teeth, I figured Sophie was so inexpensive that I should give it a try! Sophie is the BEST money I have EVER spent in the world of baby products!  At first I was concerned about the length of the legs, but my little guy loves rubbing them on his gums.  Sophie is his new best friend and a life saver for me!Vulli Sophie the Giraffe Teether, Brown/ White	5.0
I purchased for my granddaughter who is 5 months old and teething. Honestly, I would have never paid this much for a teething toy for my children, but this has turned out to be her favorite toy.  It is soft and chewable and easy for her to grab and hold on to from many angles.  It was worth every penney.	5.0
My wife and I purchased this on-line without ever seeing it.  I of course thought she was nuts but she said we had to have it.  So I purchased it and prepared to make fun of her for wasteful spending.  We opened the box and I laughed for an hour as it looks like a cheap dog toy.Now my wife is laughing because it is my babies favorite toy.  She chews it, hits me with it, squeeks it and loves it so much she even crawls to it.  She just started crawling and will only go after the laptop or the giraffe.By the way it goes everywhere with us.  I guess I should have not purchased all the other toys and just got her this.  Other toys she is tired of in a day.  This darn giraffe she has been playing with for over a month.	4.0
A great stylish teather toy. Easy to clean and all teaching babies will love its easy for even quite small babies to hold.	5.0
My grand daughter loved this toy giraffe. Thought it was a little too pricey, but she loved it so much!	5.0
Every baby needs a Sophie Giraffe.  This is a very hot baby toy for a good reason.  Fun, safe, chewy, and squeaky!	5.0
I read tons of reviews on Sofie the Giraffe and thought it was too good to be true. Actually, it is better. My 5 month old teething son adores her. I don't know how we got by without her. Thank you Vulli for making a safe and fun product made in Germany not China.	5.0
DS loves his Sophie and is very vocal while gnawing on her.  The material is good but like others have said it's very comparable to a dog toy...and it's even been mistaken for one!!  The legs are too long in my opinion and DS has gagged on them when he sticks Sophie in his mouth too far.  I really dislike the smell of the rubber but I guess that comes with a rubber toy.  Overall I'm glad MIL gave us this as a gift but no way would I have spent almost $20 on it.  Just sayin.	4.0
I doubt I can add anything that hasn't already been said about Sophie!  She is a must-have for all babies!  This was one of the first toys we gave to our daughter and she has loved it ever since!  We thought we lost Sophie and my husband ordered another one right away!  Well worth the money!	5.0
This was recommended by a friend and I have gifted it a few times now at baby showers.  Received a picture text of my nephew this weekend gnawing away on his.  Lots of drool and two fists smashing Sophie into his so far toothless grin.  One warning - the last Sophie I ordered came in a crushed box, since I did not have time to return it for a new one prior to the shower I attached her to the outside of the gift with ribbon like an embelishment.  That is how we discovered that Sophie squeaks - and wow did the dog come running.  If you have dogs you may have a hard time convincing them that Sophie is for the human baby.  Other than that she seems to be a big hit with all of the recipients.	5.0
My 4-month-old loves it! It's easy for him to hold and has different bits to gnaw on. I recommend Sophie.	5.0
My baby loves this teether. She likes to wave it around and play with it, she loves chewing on it and the squeaking noise it makes causes her to laugh out loud. Love this little toy. I will  be purchasing two more for each of my new nieces.	5.0
We bought this when my son was 3 months old and he has been chewing on Sofie for the past 4 months.  He loves it!  I love it!  It soothes his need to chew.	5.0
We love Sophie at our house... she is a great teether and a great toy for entertainment.  Our 18 month old still loves her.  She is the perfect size for gripping and holding and biting... she is natural which is great too... and she is SO cute!	5.0
How can you not love the Sophie Teether?It's absolutely adorable and all the kids love this toy.Will buy more.	5.0
Right out of the box and into my little ones mouth. It's a great size for my 5 month old to hold and put into his mouth. He loves the nose, ears and feet. Worth the money.	4.0
My daughter just loves Sophie the Giraffe. We have had her for over a month and she still makes my daughter smile. I waited awhile to order her because of the price. If you are waiting please don't you will love her and so will you teething baby	5.0
My daughter started using this teether at 4 months.  She is now six months and it has become her favorite toy/teether.  When she was smaller, she would chew on the little ears and face, and now she's able to chew on the legs and feet.  I've tried other teethers to mix it up, but this is the one that she always goes for.	5.0
My son loves his Weedee as he calls it do much I got one as a gift for a friend, quality toy worth every penny!	5.0
When I first recevied the gift I thought it was super cute but was not sure if my baby would chew it. I gave it to her as soon as he noticed her starting to chew on her toys and she hated it. I am sure it is the initial latex taste, but after the second attempt she was hooked. Now Vulli goes with us as her "car" toy. We pack her in her the carseat and she now looks around for her friend. She has been chewing on him for months and it is still in great condition. I would highly recommend Vulli - he is cute, easy to clean and babies seem to love him!	5.0
We received Sophie as a gift from grandma, and I'm really pleased we did as I'd never have thought of it myself! Sophie is rapidly becoming one of my four-month-old daughter's favourite toys: as well as enjoying gnawing on the ears and legs, she has recently become aware of the squeaker and loves it (big smiles and giggles ensue) when I squeak the toy for her -- she is now trying to squeak it herself. Highly recommended.	5.0
This is a great toy and teether and is the ONLY teether my 5 month old likes.  He is able to grab it easily due to Sophie's slim neck and the legs fit perfectly into his mouth to chew.The price is a bit high, safe for baby and TOTALLY WORTH IT.	5.0
My daughter LOVES her Sophie!!!! At first I was hesitate due to the higher than average price point however it has been a lifesaver with a teething baby. I think she really enjoys the shape since it resembles a nipple of a bottle or breast more than most teethers. I have been giving these as baby gifts ever since I bought my daughter one:)	5.0
I got one of these as a showe gift that my baby loves. I wanted to buy another and saw it on Amazon for $19. What a deal considering these are normally $25. So I ordered and am not sure if it's the same and if the one from Amazon is authentic.I realize these are hand painted so there will be variation. But the rubber on the new one smells different and feels slightly harder than my original one. There are also some rough spots on the Amazon one whereas there were no rough spots on my original one at all as you could plainly tell it was very high quality. The sqeaker is not the same in the two versions. When you press on it to feel it, the shape of the squeaker is different shape, size, and sound. My original one squeaks better. The one from Amazon doesn't squeak well, and is higher pitched. The serial number font size on the two are different. The original one had a larger font size and the Amazon has a smaller font size. The most notable difference is the feet/hooves. The original one is thicker rubber and pretty even in thickness all the way around. The Amazon one is thin, very thin at some parts (you can see the think, wavy, crepiness) like the baby can chew through it and the hooves are not the same shape as the one I already have.I don't know. I bought this from  Amazon, but it is fulfilled by an outside vendor and I don't know their reputation. Since this is something that can easily be counterfeited, I am going to return this and buy it at full price form a store I trust, like Nordstrom. It is worth the hassle for me because this is an item that my baby constantly has in her mouth and is sucking/chewing on.Also, mine came in horrible packagin and the box is totally mangled and destroyed and some of the paint on the toy is rubbed off. Not your typical Amazon quality if you ask me.	1.0
We bought this toy for my 4 month old daughter.  I was reluctant to spend $20 on one teether, but decided to anyway.  She loved it.  We managed to lose it at the park one day, and so we are buying her a new one because it is such a great teether.  It is definitely worth the money.  Since the spots are made from a natural food coloring, they do come off after time, but not a big deal at all.	5.0
If you're going to a baby shower, definately buy this. I always tie one on top as part of the bow. One of the besties for babies and toddlers. My great grandson still loves his at two years.	5.0
We recently received a present of this toy. My 6 month old daughter loves it and while playing with it almost choked only my husband was so close to her. The distribution company passed it off as "gagging" rather than "choking" ... unbelievable. I am shocked to read SO many similar stories .. it is time to do something about this before something dreadful happens.	1.0
After reading about this baby teether, I wanted one for my expectant daughter.  It is precious!  It is safe for a baby, attractive and I can hardly wait to give it to my daughter at her first baby shower.  It also didn't hurt that my dog's name is Sophie!	5.0
This teether is super cute! It's soft, it squeaks and my four month old loves it!! Wouldl recommend this to a friend.	5.0
Our daughter loves this teether. It goes everywhere with us! It is very easy to wipe clean and she loves the squeaky noise! Although our dog sometimes thinks its her toy. lol It is a great item, in fact we have bought it as shower gifts because our daughter loves it so much.	5.0
This is my daughter's favorite teether by far!  So much so that we purchased a second one just for purposes of travel, so we always have one at home.  The multiple angles allow for her chew on various areas depending on where she's having discomfort.	5.0
We bought Sophie for our (then) 4 month old daughter. She absolutely LOVES it! We love Sophie too because it is safe, non-toxic, and so easy to clean! My baby will hold Sophie and "talk" to her for hours. She doesn't interact with any other toy like this one. When it's nap time she must have Sophie to hold onto. We will probably be buying a second Sophie in case something tragic happens to the one we have!	5.0
I received this toy within the estimated time of arrival. It did not make the squeaky noise. I emailed the seller directly. They shipped out a new one quickly with no questions asked! I would definitely recommend this item (for my 6 month old) as well as this company.	5.0
this is a great toy!! the material is really great, is very easy to squeeze and teething friendly (it seems to be great to bite on) and it also is really pretty.!!	5.0
This is the best best best toy/teether!  My son LOVES it and he is always chewing on it.  I have bought this as gifts and recommend anyone with a baby to get one.  Everywhere we go, people say, oh, we have that giraffe too and our kids/grandkids, love it.  Other babies will try and take this, even if they have their own, or they'll ask for one.  Must have!	5.0
My 9 month old twins love this teether!  Not having any problem with paint coming off like an earlier reviewer stated.  Sophie is small has an only slightly annoying squeak and is great to have for teething and just playing.  This is a go to baby shower gift for me!	5.0
I gave this as a gift to my dental hygenist for her child.  She was delighted with the easy-to-hold giraffe.  This teether toy reminds me of a rubbery giraffe toy my daughter enjoyed so much when she was a baby.  My daughter turns 50 this year.  What's old is new again!!!!	5.0
Great book made me purchase his other two books.  He has a way of writing that makes history so interesting especially if you are from Boston area. I have purchased it for a teacher friend and will recommend it to my children and grandchildren. I find great things as well as books at Amazon.com.	5.0
I got this for my son expecting it to be something he couldn't put down. He sometimes will pick up and mess with it to make the squeaker go off but that's about it. He doesn't use it as a teether. Otherwise its a well made product its just my son doesn't like it.	4.0
I could not understand why a baby's toy would be so expensive,  but caved into the hype and bought it for my daughter. She loved it and we took it with us everywhere.It is soft, durable plastic and has no stinky,  plastic odor.	5.0
When I first heard about this teether, I thought it was just a stupid expensive yuppie thing that is overpriced and appeals only to people so much money they don't know what to do with it.  I was dead wrong.  My daughter "tried" her cousin's Sophie when she was 7 months old and in a horrible bout of teething, and she didn't want to give it back.  I went out and purchased a Sophie for her the very next day.  This is the only teething toy that ever gave her any relief during teething, and she had a terrible time cutting teeth.  The quality of the toy reflects the price.  She dropped her Sophie at the zoo without me noticing one day, and I had to buy her another one. It's that good.  I think Sophie is a perfect baby shower gift, as it is tough for us new parents to justify spending so much money on a teether.  Buy it for a pregnant mom! Or if you can spare the cash, definitely go ahead and buy it for your baby.  I don't think you'll regret it! Note of caution: don't let baby take Sophie in the bath as it can damage her squeaker (short or long term).	5.0
Sophie is our family's favorite teether! She is easy for tiny hands to grip on to, and her hooves get back to the molars, so she's perfect for older babies too!  Our Sophie has survived two babies and yes, she has faded, but she just looks well-loved.  No rubber odor.  Well worth the $$.	5.0
Seen many children with this product so decided to purchase one for my child. Noticed that when my child was sucking on the head of the giraffee the colouring on the eyes was coming off and it was all around my child mouth. I didn't expect that to happen!	1.0
This is just a little baby chew toy but like my daughter-in-law says, &#34;Every baby deserves an overpriced, French chew toy!) She should know-she has purchased several and the kids always seem to love them.	5.0
Love it! Love it! Love it!  The best teether I purchased for my baby (I bought several others before finding this one). :)	5.0
After all the 5 star reviews of the Vulli, I ordered this. I am an enthusiastic, older first time mom (after 4 years of infertility) meaning- I spare no expense on my daughter, but this was truly a waste of money. There are hundreds of other teethers that are far better construction, function, delight, etc. What a disappointment. The one salvation was that its cute- but for 20 bucks?!! A lot of overpriced nostalgia.	1.0
My 4 month old loved it instantly And so did my 2 year old.  It is easy for him to hold and a great teething toy.  When ever he sees it and it squeaks he gets excited and smiles.	5.0
For a baby 3 - 6 months old, it is just the right size to hold and chew on.  Vegetable-based painted detail and the lack of BPA make this an appealing choice from a toxicity point of view. Cute, too!	4.0
Mouth worthy....no crazy chemicals. Lots of places and light enough for small hands to hold. Could be the most expensive chew toy for babies ever, BUT it is a crowd pleaser and ALWAYS a favorite toys for teething babies.	5.0
I love Sophie! My grandson has been chewiing on this since age 5 months; - he's 9 months now and still loves it. However, don't leave your baby alone with Sophie; her long legs got rammed down his throat and he gagged and spit up.	4.0
If you have a teething baby, Sophie is worth the money.  Our 9 month old already has 8 teeth.  Sophie has saved us!	5.0
A favorite. It is easy for the baby to hold and it has a lovely squeak. Be sure not to submerse it in water or the squeak will disappear.	5.0
Our baby (now 7 months) still love the Sophie. While it doesn't entertain him as much now, his favorite part are the legs. Not all kids may like it, and it is a tad on the pricey side, but it's safe, and doubles as a toy too.	5.0
If you are looking for a safe teether toy for your infant, buy this. It is adorable. I get asked about it constantly.	5.0
I was a little hesitant about buying this product because of the price and other reviews, but I am so glad I did.  My infant son loves this toy.  He grabs it by the neck and just chews away on the poor giraffe's head.  When my friend's bring their infants over they do the same thing. I am so glad I bought this toy!	5.0
I really had my doubts but my 5month old son LOVES this toy!! When I opened the package I was a little set back I thought that Sophie would be a little bigger. It is a dog toy for all intents and purposes but one that my son loves soooo it's worth it. I did read the reviews on the "choking hazard" I would like to say that it could be a GAGGING hazard but that is a HUGE difference between gagging and choking! And despite this my son gags on his own fingers so it's not exactly a danger. If they gag they pull it out of their mouth. I don't think sophie is a huge danger. It's a little overpriced but then again I don't buy many toys for a baby...rattles, a chew toy here and there but nothing expensive to I figure if he loves it then it's worth it!	5.0
This children's toy is nostalgic and very cute. However, there is a distinct rubber smell and a very odd taste, yes I tried it, that my baby did not enjoy. Also, if it is soiled it is extremely difficult to clean as the rubber is a kind of porus material and does not clean well. The final thing is the squeaking device inside which stopped working after the first couple of days. I returned this item feeling I had overpaid for a toy that was defective and did not meet my expectations. Please do not be swayed by the cute packaging and hype surounding it as I was. One more thing, I was given a full refund from Amazon without any problem.	1.0
My 4 month old loves this giraffe!  She's not teething yet, but she loves to chew on things, and this giraffe is her favorite thing to chew on.  We have a few other teethers, like the teething rings you can freeze, but she doesn't like to chew on those.  I would recommend this giraffe to anyone who wants a toy that their baby will love!!	5.0
My daughter is teething and it's perfect! All the other teething rings seemed to have some hard areas. Sophie is soft and has rounded edges.  Perfect for a teething baby and peace of mind for parents.	5.0
This is not something you would by yourself....great gift! It is safe and used a ton during the teething phase by my lil one.	5.0
Although i thought it was a bit over priced, it is definately well paid for!! Baby adores this teether, the noise, the feel, the size it is perfect for her!!	5.0
I was so excited when I finally ordered this product.  I had been wanting to get the Vulli Sophie Giraffe for months.  I read many reviews and most all were great reviews.  My son loved the giraffe.  All was good with this fantastic teether until he decided to chew on the feet.  The legs of the giraffe are long enough to go all the way to the back of a baby's mouth causing choking.  He was using this product when he was 4-5 months old.  If he had been older, he may have been able to pull the giraffe out of his mouth by himself.  So, the $20 teether has been sitting in a drawer ever since.  I am considering buying a different Vulli teether because I did like the product...it's bpa free and a natural rubber.  For future purchases I will be avoiding giraffes, the long legs are cause for concern.	2.0
So far the baby is enjoying the sophie teether. We are a little worried about it near the dog though- it has a squeaker (I didn't realize) and we're afraid the dog might confuse it for one of her toys- and for the price we'll be really mad if it gets eaten. Baby is still in the early stages of teething so he's not chomping on it too much, but it is nice variety between frozen teethers.	5.0
This is the best teething toy ever!  My 6 month old loves his "Sophie."  It is easy for him to grasp and he likes the squeeking noise.  I was a little hesitant due to the price.  It is worth every penny.  I only wish I had discovered this for my first son.	5.0
I had purchased Sophie the Giraffe for my son (6 months old) about two months ago.  This toy has many pros, as well as a couple cons, which I will mention below.Pros:+ Made with natural rubber and safe food-grade paint+ Soft and comfortable for child to use+ Visually stimulating for child's visual growth+ Makes noise which helps entertain child+ Most importantly, keeps child happy and soothed while teethingCons:- Legs are a bit too long, my child has gagged (not choked) on the legs one or two times- The quality is seemingly equivalent to that of a dog-toyOverall, this is the best teething device I have ever purchased for my son.  Much better than a teething ring, and much lighter than the average teething ring.  Definitely helps to sooth my son.	4.0
my little one loved this thing all the comments of kids choking on it I dont see how that is possible unless their trying to deep throat the head	5.0
The joke in our house is...that this was orginally created as a dog toy but no one bought it so they repackaged it and called it a "teether" but the joke is on us because my daughter LOVES THIS. The rubber is really soft and the she loves to make it squeak.Though it is a bit pricier than your standard teethers it is a very popular toy at our house!	5.0
My 6 month old loves this!  The squeek keeps him interested while the texture sooths his teething gums.  Easy to clean and fun to play with.	5.0
As other people have posted, this Sophie is FAKE!  I didn't realize it until I compared it to one my friend bought from the big named Toy Store at the higher price.  Her Sophie was more colorful, softer and colorfast.  My "Sophie" was already starting to show the colors running, and had a tougher feel to the rubber.  DO NOT BUY this one!!	1.0
My daughter loves her Sophie teether. It is the only thing that fits in her mouth and she enjoys really gnawing on for an extended amount of time. I love that is natural rubber and painted with food dyes too. I think it's a must have for any baby, and I wish I would have discovered her with my first two kiddos.	5.0
I had one for my eldest son when he was teething. Bought one for the 2nd boy, and he absolutely loves it too.  Initially I was a little surprise that it came in a size which was smaller than the first one which I had bought somewhere else (From the picture, I cannot tell that actually this teether is sold in different sizes.) Nevertheless, I gave this to my three month old boy and the smaller size is apparently better for him. Though he has not started teething (I haven't seen any teeth despite him constantly chewing), he just loves suckling and chewing on this. This is much better than having him chew on soft toys or other cloth toys (which need constant washing and drying), and the material is also soft and he just loves chewing the ears and the legs.	5.0
This little giraffe is the best.  My son has enjoyed it and re-discovered her after his teething period.  When he was done teething, he re-discovered her and started calling her his baby giraffe.  You can't go wrong with this product especially at this price.	5.0
good and comfortable,he don't cry when he got it, he likes very much, and my baby looks very cute and lovely	5.0
Baby loves this teether, as does the cat! I love the fact that it does not come from China so we know that it is lead free..this alone make it well worth the price,,, as I looked everywhere for toys/teethers not made in China.	5.0
This was on a baby registry from Amazon for our niece. It is a very cute teether! I would purchase it again.	5.0
Sophie is one of my daughter's favorite toys, and is wonderful as she begins teething.  Love love love Sophie!	5.0
I have given Sophie to several infants, beginning with my grandson.  They were only available on the Upper East Side of Manhattan back then.  This was on a registry but I had already purchased it.  I know Itsy will love it.	5.0
My 6 month old grandson loves this giraffe, whether he is chewing on it or smacking it around to make it squeak, it's very durable and soft.	5.0
Sophie is a little expensive, but worth every penny. My son's pediatrician recommended her and she has saved our ears and sanity  ( and my baby's smiles) on numerous occasions. My husband tried to buy another for our trip to Europe but they were out of stock. We treat Sophie like she is made of gold. My son is 5 months old, so no teeth yet, but he likes to bite while working out gas. Sophie is fantastic for this, as well as being a great toy. She is in the top three as far as he's concerned. We are still trying to get another... Get Sophie while you can!	5.0
I don't know why, but our son (9-months old now) loves this toy. Most of the items he liked at 3 Months old barely hold his attention for more than 2 minutes now, but Sophie is still a popular item, especially for chewing and teething. It is one of the only older toys that still make him smile.	5.0
Fantastic and the babies love them.  Should become a family heirloom if it survives the teething phase.  Well made and worth the money.	5.0
My baby loves it.  Lives up to the expectations I had heard about it.  It is durable, washable, and easy to grasp.	5.0
While the price is slightly high for a teething toy, my son loved Sophie from the moment he saw her. He was about 2 months old when Sophie entered his life and was his favorite teether. She does seem slightly flimsy, almost like a cheap dog toy. However, she endured my son teething and never broke. My son was about a nine months old when he lost interest. Overall, I recommend her as a supplement to the freezer teething rings!	5.0
Sophie, oh Sophie, your time has come. My granddaughter, Violet is 5 months old and starting to teeth. What joy little Sophie brings to Violet. Sophie is made of a very pliable rubber that is sturdy but not tough. It is quite easy for Violet to twist Sophie into unheard of positions to get Sophie into her mouth. The little nose and hooves fit perfectly into small mouths, and the drooling has purpose. The paint on Sophie is food quality.Sophie was born in 1961 in France. The maker had wondered why there was nothing available for babies and made Sophie from the finest rubber, phthalate-free on St Sophie's Day, thus the name was born. Since that time millions of Sophie's populate the world. She is soft and for babies little hands easy to grasp. Violet especially loves the bumpy head and horns of Sophie. Sophie has a long neck that easy to grasp and twist. She has lovely, sizable spots that attract Violet's attention. Sophie has happy little squeaks that bring squeals of delight from Violet. She is able to make Sophie squeak and that brings much joy. Sophie's smooth skin is soothing to Violet's little gums. Sophie is 7 inches tall and is the exact correct size for babies to hold and love.As you well know the first thing babies grasp, goes into their mouths- how wonderful to have a toy that stimulates all of the senses and helps with the issue of teething. Sophie is small enough to fit into any size pocket or bag. Sophie is the perfect find for babies from a few months to a year old. How wonderful to hear the giggles and laughs that emanate from babies who find Sophie irresistible. Viva La Sophie!Highly Recommended.  prisrob 12-11-09	5.0
Just adorable.  My 4 month old son really likes this toy.  Very cute, will be buying another for my brother's baby really soon.	5.0
I bought this for my daughter when she was three months old.  She is now four months old and we don't go anywhere without Sophie.  For the first month I had to hold Sophie so she could chew on her, but now she can hold Sophie herself.  Her favorite part to chew on is Sophie's face although her front leg and tail are are very close seconds.  We haven't had problems with the rubber cracking or paint rubbing off. Since it's all natural rubber and paint (with no clear-coat), it does have a tendency to hang on to dirt but I just wash it every day with her bottles.  (Some water will get into the squeeker, but it's usually fine after a couple of squeezes.)I'm getting ready to buy a second Sophie so that we can keep one in the diaper bag and one at home.  I reluctantly bought the first one after hearing lots of fuss over it -- I mean.... who needs a $20 dog chew toy?  But Sophie was worth every penny.	5.0
Sophie is a classic toy that many parents get at their showers. The product is made of high quality and it does what it should do, soothe a teething baby. It makes a squeak every time it's pushed which can get annoying, but it is on the low end of the annoying squeak spectrum. The legs and shape of the giraffe helps baby get to his molars. It's easy to clean with just a quick rinse. There are several mentions of choking hazards so just make sure you don't leave your child alone with the toy.If you're looking for more advice on baby products, visit the website AllMomsArePerfect.com and look under 'baby gear essentials.' There's also a full stroller shopping guide, what to look for in a crib, and what to expect in the hospital during and after delivery. The baby registry post gives you the lowdown on what you need versus what you can do without for the first three months.	4.0
Excellent teething product. At first, I thought this giraffe was over priced but I certainly have changed my mind.  My grandson loves this giraffe and the material is first rate. Thank you for making him calm during a tough teething time.	5.0
This is the best teether...and we have 8 or 9. Not too hard, not too squishy. The dye is made of vegetable oil, so it's ok for babies to chew on. The noise is kind of loud (sounds like a dog toy) but the way the squeaker is placed, it rarely squeaks unless you hold it a certain way (when the kid chews on it, it doesn't squeak, like you have to actually try to squeak it). At first I felt like it looked rather cheap (like a dog toy) but the plastic is sturdy and holds up to all kinds of abuse. Got this for my son around 6m and he is currently 21m and still using it now that his incisors are coming in. My biggest issue is it seems to easily pick up lint off the carpet. To clean it, run water over the top while holding it upright (so no water gets inside the toy). My son loves to gnaw on the ears and feet, and there was a time when he couldn't sleep without it, when his teething was really bad.	5.0
it is the one i remember as a kid, what a classic, so happy they haven't messed up with its design like most other classic toys. Great must have!	5.0
Sophie has been a huge hit with our little guy.  We got her for him for Christmas when he was 3 months old. He immediately grabbed her and stuck her in his mouth. He has just started teething over the past couple of weeks and she is his go-to teething toy when he needs relief or when he is just feeling cranky from the pain. The squeaky in the toy helps distract him and I can get a smile out of him sometimes even through the tears.	5.0
This Works wonders during this tough time. Dipped it in a little whiskey and it works great. FYI, whiskey is for Gpa, not the baby :)	5.0
When we first got it I thought did my fianc&eacute; buy this for the dog? Why did I think that?, because it squeaks just like a dog toy, feels like a dog toy, and when the dog heard it squeak she thought it was hers to. Yes it is cute and I am sure good for teething but for 20 dollars it is a bit pricy for something that honestly isn't all that different from a dog toy. I would rather have spent the 20 doallrs on a couple other more interesting teethers. (btw: this is written by the mom not the dad)	2.0
I did not get the hype, but, all babies LOVE it. Dont know why, but ours raomed with it, bit it, held it, etc, Then when teething was over ditched it.	5.0
I am always skeptical of baby toys- I mean how many toys would a baby need?.As it is they are busy absorbing the world. I saw a few babies with Sophie, and wondered what the big deal was, but...she looked cute. That was the ONLY reason I bought this for my 8 month old baby girl. It took a few days for her to get a hang of Sophie, but now they are inseparable- when changing diapers and baby wants to wriggle out of my grasp, Sophie to the rescue. I set baby down for a nap in her crib, baby wailing- Sophie to the rescue. It is definitely on the pricey side, but worth it. She makes squeaky sounds, and like the description says, very chewy. Buy it, I don't think you'll regret it- there's something special about seeing your baby smile when you show her;her, sophie first thing in the morning :)	5.0
Sophie la giraffe is absolutely the best toy ever for babies.Every French baby has her Sophie. I don't know a family, a person, a baby in France that has not played with Sophie la Giraffe. Everybody knows her, and she absolutely is a MUST in every family. Her success in France has been lasting for ever: if you look at old pictures of babies, they all have Sophie. And this is for a reason, babies just love her. I can testify that my son can spend an entire day just with this toy and not get bored. each time he sees her he just get so exited and happy. He is 7 months and still loves her. She is much more than a teether.	5.0
I waited and waited for a sale on Sophie the Giraffe, and thanks to Amazon's Gold Box deal one day, I was able to pick up a Sophie for my daughter. She absolutely loves chewing and squeaking Sophie! I didn't realize she was a squeaky toy, I thought she was a more firm plastic, but she is perfect for my baby to chew on!	5.0
My daughter also loves this. She's 5.5 months and teething. She loves chewing on Sophie. She's soft, squeaks and has a pleasant smell.	5.0
I was very excited about this product and really only purchased it because of how many good reviews it has received, but I'm afraid to say that my 9 month old son barely looked at it twice. He was actually scared of it at first, but got over that after a little while, and just chose to ignore it completely. He had been chewing on everything and teething terribly, so I was very hopeful. I will say he may just be too old, and if I had introduced something like this when he first started teething at 4 months it may have turned out differently.	1.0
What baby doesn't love Sophie? It is a great baby shower gift for both boys and girls...I'd give it again. Was going to make it my standard baby shower gift only I forgot to order in time for the last shower!	5.0
My son is teething and absolutely LOVES this toy.  Whenever he sees it, he gets so excited and reaches for it.  The rubber and various sizes make for perfect teething.  I highly recommend this and expect to be able to continue to use it as a toy my son will enjoy even when he's not teething.	5.0
Love Sophie the giraffe!!! She's so cute. Can't wait to introduce her to my baby girl when she arrives :)	5.0
Sophie is a great size for my 3 month old to play with.  He can easily grip her and he can chew on her as he wants.  Love her!	5.0
It is a bit pricey, but our son loves his Sophie the Giraffe!  Even though he doesn't really hold onto things yet he likes to put her feet in his mouth and watch me move her in front of him.  Can't wait until he starts to play on his own with her, it is nice to know she's safe to chew on!	5.0
I got this as a christmas gift. My 3 month old doesn't reach yet, and would only hold things for a short time if I put them in her hand. Sophie is the FIRST toy she has grabbed on her own and even puts it in her mouth! Its super easy for her to hold onto. I've tried giving her other toys since and she drops them like usual. I think this will be her first favorite anything!	5.0
Although my son love sucking face with Sophie, I got a used one on Craigslist that has now been through 2 kids and is just great.  The recently purchased one from amazon though is a lighter color, slightly harder material, and splitting at the seams in 2 places after only being out of the box for 48 hours.  My son is 3 months old and obviously did not do this.  I tried contacting Vulli with no response.  I am very disappointed with the customer service and quality for such an expensive chew toy.	2.0
Sophie is a fantastic teether toy, my son loves giraffes to begin with so imagine when I found this teether I had to get it for him.  It is a great toy for babies to chew on, soft and firm with just enough give to relieve their need to chew. The only thing is DO NOT try to microwave sterilize this as I did.  I chock it up to first time mom stupidity...  It ruins the squeezing mechanism that produces the little squeak sound when you squeeze it.  I don't think the baby cares, as he still chews on it all the time and loves talking to it too!  Still probably a nice "toy-ish" feature that I ruined.  As tempting as it is to replace, there is nothing wrong with the teether other then the sound so I am stuck with.  Just don't do it for yourself so that the baby might enjoy the noise maker as well.	5.0
The baby loves chewing on it and is able to maneuver it around very well. The softness of the rubber is great.	5.0
Our daughter loves her Sophie.  It is soothing for her gums and helps with dexterity.  She is learning to move Sophie from one hand to the next.	5.0
My daughter is 4 months old and will not take a pacifier.  My neighbor got one for her son and told me about it.  I figured I'd try it out.  I also bought one for my nephew, who also won't take a pacifier.  Both babies love her!  She is easy for them to hold and to get into their mouths.  My daughter really loves chewing the feet!  I tell everyone about Sofie!  One of the best toys so far!!	5.0
My baby loves this teether.  We always leave it at home though, because I don't want to chance loosing it because of the price.  I nick-named it "Seventeen Dollar Sophie." lol  The only slight dissapointment I had was seeing that this $17 toy was kind of small.  But it is really perfect.  If it was any bigger, she wouldn't be able to hold it well.  We love it.Tip - If washing with water, hold your finger over the little whole. Any water that gets in would be hard to get out and could harbor germs.	5.0
My 4 mo Grandbaby LOVES her Sophie. Since everything goes in her mouth, Sophie is a kind toy to her mouth and has lots of different pert that she loves.	5.0
I bought this for my daughter at 5 months. She absolutely loves it. It is easy for her to hold on to and she has chewed on about every inch of it possible. She is very amused by the squeaker too. My toddler is even amused by it. I definately recommend it.	5.0
This toy i do not like. they should make it a bit smaller. i think it is a little big for my daugther's hand, she was about 6 months when we got it and then water always gets in it.	2.0
I bought this for my granddaughter based on the advice of a new mom.  Apparently, this is the must have product for babies.	5.0
I've tried so many and this is the only one he loves. Definately add to your registry or give as a gift. You will not be disappointed.	5.0
Very cute giraffe and so soft. My only complaint is that I purchased this item for a baby shower and it was shipped in a box with a microwave; therefore, the box was smashed when it arrived.  Didn't want to give a smashed box as a baby gift, but don't like to give teething items unboxed... put it in a gift basket with other items.  I hope they'll still use it, it is adorable.	4.0
I was nervous about spending so much on a toy that my dog would potentially steal but my daughter loves it and talk to it all the time. She gnaws on it constantly and  would recommend.	5.0
Ok so I had heard of Sophie the Giraffe before and thought to myself "why would I spend so much $$$ on this teething toy when I can just buy my baby a cheap little one?" well I got one from Secret Santa and let me just say, I would deff buy it! he ignores all his other teething toys and just uses this one. Its so cute and he can use it in every angle, he puts the ears, feet, top, even front of Sophie in his mouth. Its also funny because his gums squeak and its cute. BUY THIS TEETHER!	5.0
This is my second time purchasing Sophie for a wee one, and each time they love it.  It is an excellent teething toy.	5.0
Such a cute toy.  My daughter loves it.  It is soft and has a cute little squeaker in it too.  She loves to chew away on it and gets so excited when she finds the squeaker.	5.0
This toy is the perfect toy. My 3-month old grandson can hold onto it and when his mom is desperate, she'll have him suck on the face, because the shape is good for that. While babysitting a very unhappy child (not my grandson) I stuck his Sophie's foot in his mouth, and instantly he went to chewing away on it and peace prevailed. It's soft but durable and the neck and legs are great for little hands to hold on to. I suggest getting 2 and keeping one put away in case one gets lost, because the little guys get attached to Sophie right away.	5.0
I was excited to have this high-rated toy for my baby. However, as soon as he started chewing on it, the black from the giraffe's eyes starting coming off and running into his mouth!	1.0
Other moms have recommended this toy to me, but honestly I can't really rate the toy yet since I bought it for my son as a Christmas gift and it's not Christmas yet.  I'm hoping he will love teething on the giraffe.  It's cute and looks perfect for little mouths.  Time will tell how great this product really is.	4.0
I bought it for my 8 month old (I know it's late) from another merchant.  She did not like it. Does not play with it, does not enjoy it, and does not teeth it at all. It does not feel like a $25 toy. Right now, it's on sale on Amazon and so not that bad but it's a simple squeaking tether. Agreed it may be safe due to food grade paints and such but for $25, you can buy much better toys. I think it is over-hyped and overrated. The fair price should be around $8 and $15 is maximum of what someone desperate to buy it should pay.	2.0
My nephews and my four kids all had Sophie in the 70's and 80's, and Sophie hasn't changed: she is still the perfect teething toy!  She is the perfect size, the perfect weight, the perfect material.  Babies can grip her easily, hang on easily, and chew on multiple places.  She's great in the bath too but her squeeker gets water-logged for awhile.  She's perfect; a timeless toy!	5.0
What a waste of $20. I don't know what all the hype is about. It's just a tiny squeaky giraffe, I could have gotten any tiny squeaky toy that my baby put in his mouth and called it a teether and sold it for $20.My baby is 4 months old and doesn't care much for it...	1.0
Yes. It looks like a dog toy, sounds like a dog toy, and feels like a dog toy. People will give you funny looks... But I can't say enough about Sophie. My 4 month old got her today, and this toy has gotten her to use her hands much more than anything else she owns. She loves to hold it and suck on its head. She gets a huge kick out of it when she manages to squeak it.Buy this toy. It looks like you spent a lot of money on a dog toy, but your child will love it and learn from it!	5.0
When I washed it off. Water got in thr squeaker and it stopped working. It took days for it to start working again. I almost returned it. Now I have to put my finger over the squeaker when I clean it off and it does fine.	4.0
I held off on getting this teether thinking someone would get it for me as a gift.  When I didn't receive it as a gift, I finally broke down and bought it, despite what I thought was a high price.  The second I took Sophie out of the package, my daughter fell in love with her.  Sophie is soft and apparently very comforting to chew on.  My daughter loves her.  She chews on her head and her feet and it really seems to help while she's teething.  I wish I hadn't waited 7 months to buy Sophie.The only drawback (and this is no fault of the toy/teether itself) is that my dogs are obsessed with it because it is so similar to their dog toys.  They wait for my daughter to put it down and then try to grab it.  I have to keep it out of their reach whenever my daughter isn't actively using it. (Trying to teach them not to touch it hasn't worked yet.) In response to the person who said it is a dog toy - it is NOT.  Yes, it sounds a bit like one and is the texture of one, but it is SAFE for babies to chew.  It is natural rubber and it is made with food-grade paint - unlike all of the dog toys that I have (and have seen).  It was designed specifically for a baby - it is the perfect shape to hold and gnaw on.I am certain if you have a teething baby, you will love this toy!  Just be sure to keep it away from your dogs!	5.0
A friend bought me Sophie as soon as she found out I was pregnant.  She said I had to have her, but I was skeptical.  I first gave it to my daughter around 3 months, but she wasn't interested.  Then around 6 months, it suddenly became her favorite thing in the world.  She loves to chew on her ears and her feet.  She can grip it nicely around the neck and wave it around, making it squeak (yes, it squeaks!) when it whack against something.  She comes everywhere with us - in the car set, to the doctor to distract her from shots, when we're out shopping to keep her occupied if I have to finish something up.  I'd say Sophie is a must!	5.0
my 6-month-old daughter LOVES Sophie. She has so many places to chew on and is easy for her little hands to hold on to. She chews on her legs and ears and nose, but even more than that she likes to grab sophie around her neck (somewhat disturbing to see sometimes) and squeeze her repeatedly to hear the squeak! The squeak was a problem at first because my dog thought the toy was for her. When my sister visits with her young husky, we have to keep Sophie away because the husky tries to steal it from the baby! My daughter loves the attention from the dogs so she thinks it's great, but I could see where it would be a problem if you have a younger dog who might be more aggressive about taking Sophie away. I was slightly worried at first from the reviews about Sophie's legs being a choking hazard, but I haven't noticed that at all. My daughter might have gagged on one of the legs at first, but she gags on her own hands more than she does with Sophie. And gagging is certainly different from airway obstruction. I would recommend Sophie to all my friends (who don't have ambitious dogs!)	4.0
I've never met a baby who DOESN'T like Sophie.  She's a legend in our home, where my daughter does not take a paci but loves to chew on Sophie!  I received an extra by mistake from my baby shower, but am sure glad I did, because if one falls on the grocery store floor or something, there's another clean one at all times.  Also, when we have play dates, it's nice to have two, because inevitably both kids go for Sophie.  We also have the bath tub Sophie which isn't quite as awesome due to a different texture, but still gets lots of love.  Some things are worth the price, and this toy is!	5.0
Definitely recommend teether. my son LOVES him his Sophie la giraffe teether  he even sleeps holding the toy with him. :)	5.0
My son LOVES his Sophie.  He has had one since birth and I have bought one for each of my friends for a baby shower gift.  He chews on her all of the time!  I love that it is made from natural rubber and food grade dye and it can be washed with soap and water.  He loves her so much that most of her spots are worn off.  Best teething toy ever! And she is so Cute!	5.0
Sophie is great! My son started using her at 6 months and he takes her everywhere now. He loves to chew her ears and legs and can easily grab on. Would recommend this product.	5.0
This is the best teether.  He loves it.  He can chew it, squeek it, beat it, and so on.  I'd buy this for any baby.  I don't know what we'd do without Sophie.	5.0
This popular item warrants the high praise.  My baby loves her Sophie. She licks, bites, plays and sucks on it. It's a great toy/teether.  You can always buy this product in advance, but I found out that my baby wasn't able to really use this toy until she was 5 months old.  The reason is that her hand/eye coordination before 5 months isn't that great.  She would try to put the giraffe into her mouth but misses it by a mile.  She then gets really frustrated.  Now, she's 6 months and she can place the toy into her mouth by herself and is having a fun time with it!	4.0
I've given this many times and each time I get &#34;it's just what I wanted!&#34;  Super cute and practical.  I've seen it in use!	5.0
My son isn't teething yet and hasn't really used this toy but I must say I appreciate that it's constructed well and isn't made in China:)	5.0
My son had a Sophie when he was a babe and it was well-loved. I had hoped to find one for his daughter and was pleasantly surprised when the option popped up while I was looking for an infant car seat.  This little giraffe is the perfect size and flexibility for a baby who is teething and just beginning to hold objects. And infants seem to love the face and spotted body.  My grandaughter loves to hear Sophie squeak.  Go ahead, buy one, even though it may seem expensive.	5.0
I purchased Sophie the Giraffe for my granddaughter  6 months ago, when she was first born. Sophie has been her constant companion since she was old enough to hold it and chew it, i.e approximately 4 months old. This is better than  a teething ring as it is easier to hold onto.	5.0
I was very excited getting this product but my son was not interested in it in the least.  Very disappointed.  I will not recommend this product to anyone not to mention the price for it is ridiculous.	2.0
My daughter LOVES Sophie!  We purchased one and then purchased a "back up" just incase some thing happens to the first one! Sophie is probably in 50% of the photos we take of our daughter ~ it's her favorite toy (she is 9 months and still loves Sophie)	5.0
Baby shows absolutely no interest in this toy.  Refuses to put it in mouth even though likes gumming on just about everything else.  The giraffe has a chalky rubbery texture so I can understand why.  We use it as a squeeker.  I like that it is made in France.	2.0
My 5-month old played with Sophie off and on for a few days and now she isn't interested in it at all.  It seems like a quality product, but she's just indifferent to it at this point.	4.0
Sophie was a lifesaver during my daughters first year.  She started teething around 3 months, which is when we bought Sophie.  She loved it from the first second I gave it to her, and she barely put it down over the following six months.  In fact, she liked Sophie so much that I started buying Sophie's as gifts for other babies we knew.  They loved them just as much as my daughter.  This is a safe and excellent way to help your child through teething.	5.0
	5.0
Easy for baby to handle and of course make its way to the mouth for teething.  Made in Canada so no chinese lead fears either.	5.0
I berated myself for purchasing a $22 teether, but my baby has used it to cut six teeth so far and it still looks brand new.  Not sure what it is about this toy over other teethers I bought for her but she definitely favors it.	5.0
This is the BEST thing for children who are teething! As soon as I know a friend is pregnant, I order and send it to the new mom!	5.0
This is a tether and so much more. I love that it is &#34;green&#34;.  It has textures, sound, and a variety possibilities for chewing.  The legs are long and are good for developing chewing skills.  The ears are bumpy and are good for exposing textures getting ready for foods.  Awesome toy.	5.0
the giraffe is very very smelly. i've been airing it and hope the smell would go away, but it's still very strong.whenever my baby holds it in his hands, his hands would be smelly too.my baby doesnt like chewing it, so i'm glad. i am not sure it's as safe as what it's proclaimed to be, because the smell is just too strong.what a waste of money... i guess at least my baby likes to look at it. that's all.	1.0
Seems a bit silly to me, but this giraffe actually does have a pretty cute face and smile, not that some babies could even focus on it, at least in their early infancy.Sophie is quite soft and malleable, nice, pretty brown spots, with a pleasant &#34;squeaker&#34; in her.  She's a much better thing for babies to chew on than plenty of other things they might put into their mouths.  Washable, but from what I'm reading, don't wash Sophie in the dishwasher or in especially HOT water.	5.0
I had a Sophie I had forgotten I bought.  Also from Amazon.  Recently I purchased another.  The box on the recent one looked a  little "off" to me so I came here looking for answers.  The new box, instead of saying Vulli in the upper right hand corner, says, "Sophie la girafe."  This fake one has fluorescent pink on the tongue and cheeks and SMELLS like chemicals.  It also has lighter paint for the spots and doesn't stand on it's own.  The genuine one has a serial number on the back of her leg, the fake one doesn't have a serial number.  This is a real shame.  BOTH boxes have stickers on the bottom that say, "imported & distributed by calisson inc.  [...]  I've ordered several over the last few years.  I hope I haven't given bad ones to babies.	1.0
I bought Sophie as a teething toy after reading many great reviews and I'm so glad that I did.  Our baby boy is 5 months old and has been teething for 6 weeks already and he chews on her regularly to help his pain. Other teething toys are so hard and she is softer and rubbery which is very soothing to his gum's. Sophie is BPA free too - a total perk!This adorable giraffe is easy for little hands to hold and she's light enough for them to get into their mouth. Sophie squeaks like a dog toy so if you have a dog like we do, there may by a little of confusion when the dog sees baby chewing on a toy that they think should belong to them because of the noise.Sophie comes with her story of origination that is as charming as her "classic toy" look. I recommend purchasing Sophie for any teething baby.	5.0
My 8 week old LOVES Sophie. The rubber feels so soft and smooth, the legs almost feel like fingers for her to grasp, and she loves chewing (or "gumming" to be more accurate) the little ears and horns.  Sophie is the only toy she has shown any interest in so she was well worth the price in my opinion.  Her little squeaker is so sweet!  She also comes with a wonderful history, having been created in the French Alps in 1961 and remaining unchanged since.  She's hand made using natural rubber and food quality paints so no toxic chemicals!  She's such a hit that I plan to make Sophie my standard gift to mommies from now on.  I can't recommend this toy highly enough :)	5.0
This is the perfect toy for a new baby. Santa brought this to my newborn, and she loved it since the first time she had it. She was playing with it from the very first moment.	5.0
I didn't realize how soft the material is and that it squeaks when pressed. I love it and try to get my baby interested in it but he just passes it by. If he were squeaking it all the time though I would have to restrict his time playing with it so as to not go crazy.	4.0
I seriously don't know what all the fuss is about this thing.  Yes my daughter likes it somewhat but she is not IN LOVE.  Doesn't like it enough to justify $20 on a chew toy.  I say chew toy because I've had several people tell me they thought it looked like a dog toy.  Waaaaaaaaay overpriced.	2.0
We received the Sophie on a Wednesday and by Monday, with minimal use by my 5 month old, the squeaker was completely broken. She vaguely enjoys the feet and head for chewing, but it definitely is not the be-all and end-all of teethers, especially for the price. I expected it to be much higher quality and much more sturdy for almost $20.	1.0
My daughter loves it! I have had no problems. I did not get it for her until she was 9 months old. I wish I had gotten it a few months ago. I would recommend Sophie to  any parent with a teething baby.	5.0
Before you buy an expensive teether like Sophie the Giraffe, figure out if your baby even likes teethers by trying a cheaper, BPA-free one from Target ($3).  I found out my baby is indifferent to teethers AFTER I bought Sophie for $21.  He prefers his hand or thumb. He simply looks at Sophie, then looks away.	2.0
I never got hang of it when I saw the price and reviews... but this giraffe is great.. my daughter loves it.. she stops crying as soon as she hears the squishy noice of this.. and screams by putting this in the little mouth and taking it out..  my niece who is 2yrs old also wants one.. :) ..	5.0
Going by the Amazon reviews, there was too much hype for the product. My 10 month old son does not care about the giraffe much. Though it is well built, it is definitely not worth the price. This also comes a small booklet that contains the story of Sophie and contains phrases like "jealously guarded trade secrets". Think twice before buying.	2.0
The neck is just the right size for little hands to grab and all of the edges are perfect for teething	5.0
We received this as a gift.  Our baby loves to chew on it.  He is 9 months now and has been using it since we was about 4 months old.  It is one of our favorite toys to hold onto and chew.  It also washes up easy for when it falls on the floor.	5.0
Let me be the 1,3777th person to review Sophie the Giraffe.  (I know, what's the point after 1,376 reviews, right?)  Will this review ever be read, besides the amazon guy or computer screening reviews?  And still... like the 1,376 before me, I will have my say too.My crazily teething five month old adores this thing.  Yes, it's overpriced.  I heard this giraffe sells for a dollar or two in France and that "poor" kids play with it there.  That's probably true, but whatever, I don't really care.  All I know is that my teething infant loves Sophie (and chews on and abuses her dreadfully, and she takes it all with nary a complaint) and that's enough for me.	5.0
I purchased this for my grand-daughter for Christmas. Since then she has cut her first two teeth with Sophie. She loves this teether! It is easy for her to hold on to with the legs or neck. It's soft, smooth texture is also pleasing to infants.  We were out shopping one day and she saw another little baby with a Sophie and she wanted it. Of course, we had forgotten hers that day!. This is a great teether and would make any child happy. Would make a great gift since it is a little more costly than most teethers, but well worth the money>	5.0
We adore this little giraffe; it was the first thing we bought when we found out we were pregnant.  Timeless!	5.0
This is a no brainer... this toy is like baby crack. Every baby I know adores Sophie. My daughter now loves her for the squeak, but she chewed on every part of Sophie's body for the entire first year, pretty much. I love that it is made with natural materials. What is the mystery of Sophie? My husband and I think it must be because it's such an interesting shape. Most baby teething toys are round, or some simple but geometric shape. This one has fun bendy hooves, wiggly ears, and a most excellent nose to gnaw on. It's a toy I buy for every friend who gets pregnant.	5.0
An excellent toy for teething babies - it is so much better than anything in the market. I saw my friend's daughter playing with it and loving it; at first I thought that the sqeeks can be too loud ( me and my baby hate loud noises), but he got it a couple of days ago and he loves it. He just turned three months and most other teething toys are too heavy for him to hold, or too difficult to grab on - Sophie is very light and easy to hold. He chews on her ears and legs, when the toys slips out of his hands he likes to look at it. This morning before falling asleep he was looking at his giraffe and smiling. The two cons are the rubber smell (it took him some time to get used to it so he could put the toy in his mouth) and price. It is slightly overpriced ( guess due to its popularity and advertising, other vulli toys are cheaper), but when a baby needs to chew on something and nothing seems to work, most parents are willing to pay extra for a safe and lovely looking toy.	4.0
When I received this the paint was peeling off in places.  I put it through the dishwasher to see if that would help but more kept peeling off so I threw it out.  Terrible product and unsafe to give to babies.  I know everyone raves about this giraffe and I think it would have been great had it not been for the paint.  Not worth the risk.	1.0
Had one for my first two children but it had seen a lot of love so I bought another one for my third child. I don't know what it is with these giraffes, but babies just love them. They are easy to hold, soft to chew on. Great baby-toy and something I buy for new parents.	5.0
I purchased this teether for my daughter when she was 4 months old and she loved it right away. It was the perfect size for her small hands, easy for her to hold on to and the material is perfect for chewing on. Now she is 7 months old and she still loves it. The neck and legs make it easy for her to hold and shake before she bites down. There are some areas where the paint has rubbed off, but not in chips or chunks. I was worried about the "choking hazard" that other reviewers mentioned, but she has never had a problem. The legs are not long enough for her to jam down her throat, and the head is too big and awkward with the ears sticking out. It really does look (and sound) like a dog toy, but as much as she loves it, it was worth the price.	5.0
It makes happy squeaking sounds, is safe for baby's teething, is easy for baby to hold onto, and it's basically indestructible.	5.0
There is a reason there is so much hype surrounding Sophie - she really is THAT amazing. Always a great shower gift, Sophie manages to make children adore her without crazy bright colors or vibrations or flashing lights. Just a simple almost vintage feeling design, a silly squeaker sound we squeezed, and somehow both my infant and even his 4 year old brother just adore Sophie and she gets daily play. This was the first toy my infant son learned to grasp, at only 2.5 months, and is a must have item whenever we pack the diaper bag. In fact Im looking to buy a backup Sophie just in case anything ever happened to the first - dont know what we would do without her!	5.0
My baby loves this giraffe.  He loves to look at its face and has figured out how to make it squeak.  And of course he loves to chew it!  I'd give it five stars if it were a little less expensive, but all in all, great baby toy!	4.0
We did not purchase this from Amazon, but received it as a gift.  Overall, we like this teether, it smells pleasant, it's soft, looks friendly and a cute little squeak.  The only concern we have is if he could choke on the legs.  We feel that we should always supervise our 2.5 month old.	4.0
My wife and I were skeptical at first because of the price. I mean $15 for a rubber Giraffe. Because of all the great reviews we decided to get it anyway. Our daughter is 5 1/2 months old and she will chew on Sophie's legs for a half and hour without a problem. Anyway needless to say we love Sophie and recommend it highly.	5.0
My daughter instantly loved Sophie when I handed it to her.  This is perfect for her gums and her tooth that is coming in.  I highly recommend this to every mom and dad.  My daughter is a lot happier!!	5.0
Thank you very much receipt of the product, which was in excellent condition and in conformity with the specifications mentioned in the presentationI hope all the shops dealing directly with Saudi Arabia	5.0
My mom used to talk about a giraffe toy my brother had as a baby.  When I ordered this for my son, she was surprised and said this was the same toy she always talked about!  My son wasn't crazy about any other teethers, but loved Sophie.  I've since gotten this as a gift for several friends/family members as gifts for their babies.  Love!	5.0
Very pretty, safe material, good to pratise grasping with, different parts can be chewed on. My baby looks so cute when she holds the giraff in hand.	5.0
My 9 mo instantly took to this teether - it became his favorite.... and I love this its natural rubber. I hate him putting plastic products in his mouth!	5.0
When we first got this teether in I thought it was just a glorified dog toy. It squeaks and it's rubber, I was like whats the big deal, It just drives my dog crazy. My son at first was the same way, but once his teeth started hurting and the started bitting on it he Loved it. It was Love at first Bite. I have it in our diaper bag at all time because for some reason this giraffe can calm him. I don't know how it works but it does. This teether has helped this mom out a lot during those stressful teething times.	5.0
Baby D never leaves home with out his Sophie!  I like that he likes it, and that it's made of natural materials.  Super easy to squeek, but the dogs get confused! LOL!	5.0
Bought this for my 4 month old nephew who was teething. My grandaughter also has one and loves it. Just the right size and feel. Has quickly become a favorite. I think they would highly recommend Sophie the giraffe!	5.0
I bought this for my teething puppy, and I love that my puppy loves chewing on it. I know it's a bit unusual to buy a baby toy for a puppy, but I noticed that my puppy didn't particularly like all the tough chew toys out there. So, I did a little research and found Vulli. My puppy loves chewing on Vulli because she is soft and squeaks easily.One thing to note is that Vulli is extremely soft compared to typical dog chew toys so if your puppy is rough, he can easily puncture Vulli. I actually made the mistake of letting one of our friends' adult dog play with Vulli, and he instantly chewed a hole in Vulli so that she no longer squeaked. I quickly ordered a replacement, and Vulli has survived the many weeks my puppy has played with her since.	5.0
Really great for the tiny ones.  Easy to hold and chew on at the same time. Really likedthe productand will reccomend it.	5.0
Very fast delivery!  I can't wait to give it to my new neice!Thank you!	5.0
My son loves this toy! It's perfect for when your little one is teething. Becareful if you have a dog that likes sqeaker toys. The first time my son squeaked it our dog ran right over to it. Now we have to watch to make sure the dog doesn't try to grab it. :-)	5.0
My daughter got this when she was around 3 months old and just loves to gnaw on her little giraffe and to squeak it!  Super cute!	5.0
My daughter, now 7 months old, adores her Sophie.  Yes, it does have a very faint smell (the rubbery odor on ours has faded until it's nearly gone and we've not had it that long), and I still don't really let her play with any toy unsupervised, but she loves to hold it, bite it, squeeze it, squeak it and pass it from hand to hand.  I really love this little toy.  It makes her smile every time she sees it, it's her preferred teether, and of all the toys and teethers she has that are top-rated on Amazon it's this one she loves the best. She reaches for it every time, and I'm using it to help her practice crawling.	5.0
I love this toy, it even has a little squeaker inside. My daughter loves it too. She looks so cute chewing on the body parts. My husband does not like the toy very much. He thinks it looks like an expensive dog toy.	4.0
My son (now 2.5) LOVED his Sophie, and I bought one for every baby shower I've gone to. Now, my daughter (6 months) just today nearly choked on it and I will never give it to her again. Had I not been within hearing range it could have been fatal. The strange sound she was making caught my attention and when I went to her and found the front curved leg shoved well down her throat and her face a purply/blue I panicked. I pulled it out and she vomited all over the carpet before screaming her head off. I can't believe how my opinion of this toy has changed from a must-have to a must-not-use. Please don't disregard any of the choking hazard comments, they are not over exaggerated!	1.0
I originally thought $20 was some what on the high end for a teething toy.  If you have a teething baby at home you will understand that no amount is to much to soothe your baby.  From the moment I saw this little giraffe I fell in love with how cute it was and is.  My daughter got her 1st two teeth by 3 1/2 months and now at 6 months she already has six teeth.  I am very happy with this product and think it's especially good for young babies since it's easy to hold.  I also love the fact that it squeaks and so does my daughter.	5.0
My daughter is 4 months old, and is really starting to chew on things.  I wanted something safe, so I bought her a Sophie.  She loves it!  Once she discovered she could make it squeak, she liked it even more.  The rubber does have kind of a strange smell, but that doesn't seem to bother her.  She likes to chew on the legs the most.  I would definitely recommend this product for other little teethers out there.	5.0
I love this toy because when my daughter drools or spits up on Sophie it's easy to clean. Her other toys that are fabric hold all the fluids and have to be washed in the washing machine often. Sophie can be easily wiped or rinsed. It's a little pricey for what it is though.	4.0
It is the best teether ever. It does the job and my son loves it. Every baby should have one.	5.0
Great teether, soft and hard and noisy in all of the right places....The baby LOVES it!!!	5.0
I bought Sophie for all the little teethers in my life this year --there were four-- for holiday gifts.  Well, the feedback has been terrific.  These arrived on time as promised before Christmas and were quite well received by the children as well as their parents.  What a perfect gift!	5.0
I used this with my son and loved it. I now like to give it as a gift to expectant/new mothers.	4.0
I have triplets.  When I first got the product in the mail, I was disappointed.  It looked like a cheap dog toy.  BUT!  My kids love it!  Well worth the money.	5.0
6 month old grand daughter loves to chew on it.Helps for teething.It is cute and right size for baby. Soft and easy for baby to handle.	5.0
This is the 2nd Sophie I have purchased  for my grandkids.  My grandson took his everywhere and i mean everywhere so consider getting the Sophie teether for the bathtub also.  My granddaughter is just loving hers also, and i am so glad that it is something that will calm them down while they are teething, we all know how hard that is.  I have another gradchild to be born in May and I plan to buy Sophie aheadof time for him or her. My granddaughter is teething early so I plan to be prepared for the next one. This is just my preference but I only buy the original Vulli Sophie Giraffe I know it worked for my first grandson so well, why mess with perection. Totally worth the money.	5.0
Vulli Sophie the Giraffe Teether is a classic toy!  I was skeptical but thought I'd give it a try and I am so glad I did!  My son loved it starting at about 4 months. The only thing is the squeaker does resemble my dog's toys. So on occasion a person may have to rustle it away if the have a dog that loves squeaky toys. Otherwise a great toy!	5.0
My daughter told me babies love Sophie so I have been buying these as gifts.  So adorable and charming.  Love her!	5.0
I got this for my baby when he was around 5 months old. He loved chewing on it from day one. It was a little smaller than I expected but it was light and very easy for the baby to handle. You have to squeeze the body or head to get it to squeeze. When the baby is chewing on it, you just hear a rubbing rubber noise.The baby is now 8 months old with two teeth and still like to chew on it. Sophie is still looking pretty good but the color has started to fade on the areas where chews on the most (ears and hooves).Your friends will make fun of you for buying such an expensive "chew toy" but it is totally worth it :)	5.0
My daughter is 8 months now and still loves her "Sophie".  We got this for her when she was three months and, now that the teeth are coming in full force, Sophie offers her some relief. Even as the baby gets more "play" oriented Sophie seems to be a top "go to" toy--well worth the price.	5.0
Sophie is well worth the money! Our 6 month old son LOVES it. It is the only teether that he is able to hold firmly and put any part of it in his mouth. The squeaker is slightly annoying, but tolerable. The surface is a bit tacky and helps him hold onto it better than most toys (and not drop it as esaily in restaurants, etc).	5.0
My 4 month old son is teething, and I've tried all kinds of teethers, but none seem to satisfy him. So, when I read the reviews for Sophie, I figured all these people couldn't be wrong. When I first got her, I was glad that Sophie is not hard, inflexible rubber, which she looks like from the picture. She is much softer, like the rubbery consistency of a dog toy, which some people have already commented on. My thoughts regarding Sophie's likeness to a dog toy is not a far-fetched comparison; this is especially so with the way the squeaker sounds. Our dog LOVES this thing! I have to hide it, but he goes sniffing for it. Anyway, when our son first got his hands on this thing, it went straight into his mouth. And he smiles every time Sophie squeaks, which is so cute to see. He also smiles when he "gums" Sophie's body, especially her legs (hooves, actually). So, judging from the way my son puts it in his mouth, and smiles when he does so, I'd say she was a worthwhile purchase, but it is very pricey, nonetheless, which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. It's handmade, made of natural rubber (from the sap of the Havea tree), hand-painted with food grade colors, and the finished product takes 14 steps to complete. It's been around since 1961 (or 65, I can't remember)and hasn't changed since. But even though she'll be a keepsake, the price is exaggerated. If you want a teether that works, however, Sophie is worth it.	4.0
Love that this is made of natural rubber. Perfect for my little one to slobber all over. Ha! I totally recommend. :)	5.0
A lot of my friends are having children and this is becoming my go-to baby shower present.  Their babies love Sophie!At stores (mostly boutiques) you'll find it for $20+.  Amazon.com has the best price!	5.0
Everyone loves this thing.  I think my daughter likes it, but it is far from her favorite toy to chew on.  Maybe it will grow on her....	4.0
My son loves his sophie. It small enough for him to hold and chew and soft enough that he doesn't hurt himself. So...we both LOVE Sophie!!!! And the seller shipped so fast...it was great all around!!!!	5.0
My first born loved his Sophie the Giraffe when he was teething. She is very cute and good for a girl or a boy. I have since bought 2 as presents and new one for baby #2. I have not figured out how to clean her without washing away her spots.	5.0
My daughter is 6 months and she loves this. Very easy to grab and great for soothing those teeth.	5.0
I just noticed this morning when I caught the end of the movie-in the emotional taxi scene towards the end, this is the last thing he gives the baby:)my son loved teething on this and it is great for reaching both the back 2 year old molars and the tough front canines-my son still likes to play with his giraffe!	5.0
baby loves this. i just bought second to keep at grandmas, but it seems different than the first one i bought, is this possible?  amazon sold both teethers to me so i dont get it.  the first one is very soft and flexible but the second one i got today is pretty stiff and is a darker color.	4.0
After spending a small fortune on teethers I decided to try Sophie and glad I did.  My niece loves it.  Only negative thing is you cannot place them in hot water or the dishwasher.  We may invest in other Vulli teethers.	5.0
What a cute giraffe! He's going to be well loved by our new granddaughter! What a fun toy for her, especially during teething times!	5.0
My 6 month old LOVES her Sophie giraffe! We have 2...just in case! It instantly calms her down when she's fussy! Great for teething!	5.0
My baby girl loves this toy. She's had it ever since she was born and loves it still, 10 months later.She likes to chew on vulli's legs, it soothes her gums when teething.Highly recommended.Stephanie H	5.0
I had heard all the rave reviews about Sophie, but really didn't want to spend $20 on a rubber baby toy. It just seemed ridiculous.  But when teething came on full-force in our house, we were pretty much willing to do anything to give the baby some relief.  He loved Sophie right away and I knew we weren't going to regret getting it for him.  The toy is easy for a baby to hold and chew on, giving lots of relief for painful gums.But...the squeaker. I hate that squeaker. It absolutely does not need to squeak. It doesn't entertain the baby at all. The only thing is does seem to do is drive the dog bonkers. I'd rip that squeaker out if I could.  Having said that, I don't think the squeaker should deter you from purchasing Sophie. It's a great teething toy otherwise.I will say, the baby seems a little less interested in Sophie when he's not actively teething, but that's alright with me. She'll be waiting for him when the next tooth starts to appear.	4.0
	4.0
When I purchased this, I didn't realize it had a squeeker inside that makes it sound like a dog chew toy.  I think I still would have purchased it with all of the high ratings, but this caught me off guard.  We purchased this for my 3 month old son who is teething.  He hasn't quite gotten to the stage where everything he grabs goes into his mouth, so he won't play with the giraffe and gnaw on it as we hoped.  If you hold the head (specifically the ears) to his mouth, he will chew on them for just a second before spitting it out.  I'm hoping that he'll grow into this toy, but for now it gets a mediocre review.  I'll update if/when he becomes a fan of this chew toy.**UPDATE:  Well, it has been several weeks now, and he loves his Sophie.  It's tied for top chew toy with the Nuby chew thing that looks like a peanut at the top.  Overall fairly happy, but still wish it didn't squeak.	4.0
My baby enjoys bashing Sophie into everything that she sees. She likes the squeaking noise it makes. If we go anywhere, Sophie had better be there too!	5.0
I received this in a box set as a gift. It came with a embroidered giraffe wash cloth in a cute little box. As soon as I saw the box I was excited bc I was wondering what was in such a beautiful box with this adorable picture on the front. That is where the excitement ended. I opened the box and saw two of the cheapest baby gifts I could possible encounter. The wash cloth began to unravel as soon as I carefully unhooked it from a board it was attached to. It is very thin and looks as if it will barley survive the washing machine on the gentle cycle. The toy now is kind of junky, the plastic is cheap and feels kind of grain-y when touched even after being washed several times. My baby in not even slightly interested in this toy as soon as she saw it she threw it to the side. Now after reading about this toy being a choking hazard I will be putting it away and let her continue to play with her rattles and such. I think I will keep the box though, it is the best part of the set. It can be used as storage for little toys etc.	2.0
As a mother of 16month old twins; I bought Sophie [1 for each, of course] when they were 4 months old after careful reading of all reviews. I heard great things about Sophie and wanted to give her a try. At 4 months babies can't do much more than grasp and semi gnaw on Sophie. For many months I had to squeeze Sophie myself [which I personally enjoyed] and set it on their laps. They LOVED Sophie. The squeak is LOUD and sounds exactly like a dog's squeaky chew toy, just for those who are wondering.As they grew and their motor skills developed to each milestone, Sophie gained more and more individual babytime. The twins were able to squeeze her themselves and chew on her around the clock. They love to throw her, stretch her, squeeze her, chew on her, drool on her... you name it, they have done it. One of the two Sophie's took an extended vacation out in the back yard [unbeknownst to me] and once found, a little water had her looking like a champ again... ready to face another day of playtime.They still enjoy squeezing Sophie [2 at once can do a number on your ears though].Over all: Sophie is durable, soft rubber, easily squeezable, and a very cute toy.With over a year of teething twins, Sophie has not faded, or been worn down. No stretching, or flaking of paint or rubber.Don't be lead astray by bad reviews. This is a GREAT product.The age range I would recommend would be from 6months - 15months. That is where Sophie will get the most use out of your little one.	5.0
this is a super cute toy that my baby really enjoyed but it got dirty and there is a little hole you have to cover to prevent it from breaking and losing its squeak. unfortunately this toy is way overpriced for the quality as mine is just a silent chewie now and that takes the fun out of my baby's learning and play experience. he isnt interested in it anymore. 1 star because it is the lowwest i could go. needs a warning label on how to wash it.	1.0
I bought Sophie from Amazon before my daughter was even born. It was highly rated and figured it was good. IT IS! My daughters now 6 months and has been playing and biting Sophie since she was 3 months. She loves Sophie. :)	5.0
This was one of my son's favorite toys and now we've been giving them, from him, to everyone we know that is expecting and they've all loved her.  Soft, squeaky, cute and, most importantly, SAFE.  Spreading a little Sophie has been a huge success!	5.0
Well worth the price.  This is very durable.  My little guy had 8 teeth by the time he was 7 months and has gnawed on this thing like you wouldn't believe.  It is in the same great condition as when we got it.  The legs of the giraffe allow little ones to localize teething more efficiently.	5.0
I bought this for my 9 month old. She has been teething forever and she doesn't like the normal teething toys.  The few times she's been able to get it from her older brothers, she has loved it.  I have to keep reminding my 2 1/2 year old and 4 year old that it is not their toy and to give it to their sister.  So, obviously it's a big hit here!  I like that I don't have to worry about lead paint or BPA and all that.	4.0
This is hands down one of the best baby products we have - particularly at this stage (approximately 5 months). My expectations were very high given the positive reviews, and they were easily met. Our little one spends so much time chewing on Sophie's head, then Sophie's ears, then a leg, then she tries to get all four legs in her mouth, etc. The design makes it really easy for little hands to hold on to. Sophie is my go-to toy when we are in public and I need to occupy the baby with something. Yes, it is a little pricey. We received it as a gift and I probably would have balked at spending so much money on a teething toy, but I'm very happy that we have it.	5.0
I heard from many people to buy this product. My son is obsessed with it - not sure what makes Sophie so much more fun to chew on than all of his other toys, but I definitely recommend this one!	5.0
My son chewed on this giraffe for 3 months straight. It's been washed in the laundry and the dishwasher multiple times. It still looks new. Now that he's a year old, he still likes this toy to play with. I don't know if it's worth $30... but, yes... there's definitely something about Sophie that attracts babies. It's kind of weird.	4.0
I would recommend, My four month old loves it!!! She is starting to teeth and it feels good on her gums and keeps her occupied.	5.0
I am a grandmother that know a lot about toy and this one looks like a deer I gave my children, which was a great teething toy. I sent one to a cousin which she has greatful for she just heard about it from a friend. Every newborn shoud have this item.	5.0
Sophie rocks!  Much softer than it looks and my 5 month old LOVES IT!  Excellent product, best teether toy we have bought!  The squeak keeps him interested too!  Buy it!	5.0
Great baby toy! My 6-month-old son loves his Sophie the Giraffe toy! He is currently teething and I read reviews  that Sophie is the best teether out there.	5.0
Wow is waht I can say. My grandaughtes 5 mo and  3mo love this toy. Its easy for them to hold and put in there mouths. Would recommend for all teathing babies..	5.0
I thought that Sophie would be a harder rubber, but this is kinda of flimsy and makes me wonder if he could bite through it with teeth.  Also didn't know that it squeaked until I opened the package.  He won't be able to chew on this in quiet areas, aka church etc.  It is really cute and he loves to chew on it so I gave it 4 stars.  Some reviews talk about choking on this toy, I've had no issues with him gagging/choking on it.  My mother in law did make fun of the price I paid for it, but I was willing to pay it for natural rubber and no China lead paint on the toy.	4.0
I recently ordered this as a gift and compared the this one to the one my son has and wow u can tell it's fake. The serial number is hard to read and the rubber is way harder than the authentic ones and it's has a funny smells!! So not the original vulli Sophia	2.0
Grandson loves this Giraffe. It is easy for him to hold onto and he stares at all the spots and the eyes. He also like to try to nibble on the head. It is light weight enough for hime to move it from one hand to the other while investigating it from top to bottom and side to side.	5.0
We purchased this for our 4 month old son and he loves it. He is now 5 months and he uses it every day. The material is soft, easy to grasp and non toxic. I just hope we don't lose it.	5.0
My 14 month old daughter loves Sophie.  Is is very light and has lots of differnt things to chew on, from the legs to the head.  It is made of all natural rubber and paint which is great.  Definitely worth the price!	5.0
Sturdy material and easy to clean. Light enough for the little one to hold while lying down and not be afraid when he drops it on himself. Would have liked to know beforehand that it squeeks though. But it's fine 'coz the little one likes the sound. He loves chewing on the legs. Will buy this again.	5.0
I can't say enough about how much I love this. My 3 month old loves this toy so much. Once she gets her little fingers wrapped around it, she will not let it go. It goes everywhere with us. I'm thinking I need to buy a 2nd one for Nana's house. I'd never heard of Sophie before my 2nd pregnancy, and once I saw it in a magazine, I knew I had to have it. The price seems a little high for a teething toy, but once my daughter saw it and started going crazy for it, I knew it was well worth it.	5.0
This is a great toy for teething babies. We have one for each and they both love it. What more can you say?	5.0
It looks not good as expected but it useful, it is good for teeth and good quality. I like it.	4.0
Despite all theses pretty reviews, I wish I could know why my son didn't like it!! I bought 2 of them. The first when he was 5 months old and I thought I might introduced it early. Later, and because my neighbor girl kept biting it when she came and they refused to take it, my wife cleaned it in the dishwasher :( Then, I had to get him a new one when he was 8 months old. Unfortunately, he didn't like either. So, I quite.	2.0
My baby is more interested in any other teether, or clothes. I trust on-line reviews, and successfully bought so many interesting toys except this one. It is a waste of money.	2.0
My baby looooves this teether!  I think she likes the contrasting color, it's light enough for a four month old to handle, the legs fit perfectly in the mouth to soothe the front teeth.	5.0
My 5 month old baby loves it. Easy to hold and keeps her occupied wherever we are! Seems to relieve teething pain quite well..	5.0
My daughter has had this giraffe since she was about 4 months and has loved it since day one.  She is currently 8 months and still loves to suck on it, chew on it, squeak it, or just "pet" it.  Great toy, and totally worth the price.	5.0
My Grandson loves his Sophie.  Would recommend buying for any teething baby.  Great Product and packaging.  Adroable and worth every penny!	5.0
Maybe I got defective one.  Baby was chewing on it and the color was coming off... My baby's mouth and around her mouth was orange from the color from the giraffe... We stopped using it.	1.0
This is  the second we have owned.  The first one, which was given as a gift for our first son, was used quite frequently.  However, we lost than one somewhere to the mess gods.  So when we had our second child, we did not hesitate to get another for him.  He loves it just as much.	5.0
The rubber is perfect for a teething baby. It also has a fun squeaking sound that adds to the entertainment.	5.0
The Sophie Giraffe has a very strong rubber odor and my son doesnt like it. Also, due to the texture it picks up ever the tiniest of dirt or hair and is hard to clean.	1.0
It is worth the price. My daughter loves it!!! We are looking forward to other sophie products! Great But for sure!	5.0
I was very optimistic at first on purchasing Sophie but I am very glad I did...I purchased two in fact just in case we misplace one by accident.  Our teething son loves Sophie!  He loves gnawing on her feet and head and she is so easy to grasp a hold of with his little hands.  I wish they had Sophie when my almost 6 year old was teething!	5.0
Even though the product is sold guaranteeing that it would never discolor, it did after 3 months of use. I expect to receive a replacement or a refund.	1.0